Is here anyone from Glendale. Arizona? WE NEED YOU! HELP US to protect the memory of the victims of hate! Last week on Friday. May Kieu and Dorothy Dutiel. both 15-year-old sophomores at Independence High School in Glendale. each died of a single gunshot wound about 8 a.m. just outside the school's cafeteria. The girls were a couple. Police are calling it a murder-suicide. This heart-breaking incident is all over the news and the comments are disgusting! Homophobes use the incident as a proof that love is a sin! This is just ignorance! Two children died and people are grieving! How would you feel if strangers came to your neighborhood or your school to push their agenda? These people are just aggravating the situation and traumatizing other KIDS! If you live in Glendale. Arizona. please. come and support us today: 6602 N 75th Ave.Glendale. AZ 85303. LET'S STAND UP AGAINST BIGOTRY! If you are not from Glendale. please. SHARE this post! Let people know we support them! P.S. please. send us photos from the event.

HUMAN RIGHTS PHOTO CHALLENGE Despite our race. religion. gender. age. education. sexual orientation and beliefs. we are all HUMANS. In the midst of the presidential race. all what politicians dream about is money. They keep giving empty promises in order to win votes. And this is our friendly reminder for the candidates: we are the ones who elect them. We don't deserve having problems with employment. marriage. child birth etc ... We all deserve the right to be accepted. Go for it! Clicking the "like" button is not enough. If you want to attract the candidates' attention to the fight for human rights. do the following: 1) Take a picture with Campaign (HUMAN RIGHTS) logo (state required) 2) Post it in comments within a week 3) Share with your friends For the first place $50; second place $30; third place $20

Is here anyone from Glendale. Arizona? WE NEED YOU! HELP US to protect the memory of the victims of hate! Last week on Friday. May Kieu and Dorothy Dutiel. both 15-year-old sophomores at Independence High School in Glendale. each died of a single gunshot wound about 8 a.m. just outside the school's cafeteria. The girls were a couple. Police are calling it a murder-suicide. This heart-breaking incident is all over the news and the comments are disgusting! Homophobes use the incident as a proof that homo love is a sin! This is just ignorance! Two children died and people are grieving! How would you feel if strangers came to your neighborhood or your school to push their agenda? These assholes are just aggravating the situation and traumatizing other KIDS! If you live in Glendale. Arizona. please. come and support us today: 6602 N 75th Ave.Glendale. AZ 85303. LET'S STAND UP AGAINST BIGOTRY! If you are not from Glendale. please. SHARE this post! Let people know we support them! P.S. please. send us photos from the event.

Is here anyone from Glendale. Arizona? WE NEED YOU! HELP US to protect the memory of the victims of hate! Last week on Friday. May Kieu and Dorothy Dutiel. both 15-year-old sophomores at Independence High School in Glendale. each died of a single gunshot wound about 8 a.m. just outside the school's cafeteria. The girls were a couple. Police are calling it a murder-suicide. This heart-breaking incident is all over the news and the comments are disgusting! Homophobes use the incident as a proof that homo love is a sin! This is just ignorance! Two children died and people are grieving! How would you feel if strangers came to your neighborhood or your school to push their agenda? These assholes are just aggravating the situation and traumatizing other KIDS! If you live in Glendale. Arizona. please. come and support us today: 6602 N 75th Ave. Glendale. AZ 85303. LET'S STAND UP AGAINST BIGOTRY! If you are not from Glendale. please. SHARE this post! Let people know we support them! P.S. please. send us photos from the event.

Black edification is a PRO-black platform to educate and empower our people.

Melanin is gold. It's a gift of God. We have to appreciate this in all shades. The black girls with freckles are also beautiful.

Melanin is gold. It's a gift of God. We have to appreciate this in all shades. The black girls with freckles are also beautiful.

Many of us are poor and struggling due to systemic racism!! So fight for something! IT IS OUR DUTY!! WE HAVE NOTHING TO LOSE BUT OUR CHAINS!

Secured borders - only salvation of US land!

Every man should stand for our borders! Join!

So let's do this. Since no one knew what he looked like and the bible forbade idolatry how about we all stop trying to draw Jesus!

The Original Statue of Liberty presented to the U.S. was a Statue of a..."Black Woman". - Urban Intellectuals

Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. Martin Luther King. Jr.

