I didn't believe the media. SO I BECAME ONE. Follow!

This is the community which unites all the muslims who live in the US. We all are children of the Middle East. It's time to unite! @muslim Voice• Muslim Inst

This is the community which unites all the muslims who live in the US. We all are children of the Middle East. It's time to unite! @muslim Voice• Muslim Inst

INSTagram Of The United States or simply - INSTOTUS. Unique Instagram page for American patriots only! FOLLOW! JUST DO IT!

How many more black men have to be killed until the government realizes that it's time to Justice For Philando Castile

We are fed up with cops who kill innocent Blacks and always remain unpunished. Time to say what WE think about the American justice. Answer ONLY ONE QUESTION in our SURVEY and show what we really think of the American Criminal Justice System. UPD Experts think that cop involved in this murder won't be charged. What do you think?! VOTE: http://bit.ly/29zFhye

Breaking! Another man was shot by the police officers! Warning. the video is graphic! This the video of his last minutes! TWO DEATHS IN TWO DAYS. WHAT IS GOING ON?! WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO ABOUT IT?! Read the full story: http://bit.ly/29kUamJ

If you allergic to bad cops. please DO NOT WATCH the video below!!' We found old dashcam footage has revealed the startling moment a Texas trooper ran toward a motorcyclist following a high-speed chase. leaped into the air and karate kicked him to the ground. The incident unfolded in December 2012 after Martinez. a 10-year veteran trooper. took chase when 25-year-old Steven Gaydos ran a stop sign near Houston. Apparently this Texas deputy wanted to go back to the good old days and show off his fancy moves by jumping in the air and kicking this guy who was already surrendering off his motorcycle. Wow. bad cops with Rambo mentality issues should be dismissed and forbidden from ever owning any firearm again. period!

Investigations have disclosed that 3-months old police officer. Sherry Hall lied about being shot by a Black man. Stop Police Brutality: Officer Sherry Hall's Lies Exposed I BM BM

Montgomery County middle school kids have tasted the outrage of the public after a video of them chanting racist words went viral on Facebook; further deepening the agony of racism in schools today. Montgomery County middle school kids have tasted the outrage of the public after a video of them chanting racist words went viral on Facebook; further deepening Racism In American Schools: Video Shows White Kids Chant "N-Word" On School Bus BM BM

There is a disgusting video circulating on the internet which shows an unidentified white cop rape a helpless Black teen. Shameless White Cop Rapes Black Teen I BM BM

Innocent Jerome Smith has spent 31 years of his life in prison. He must be brought home. Only you can help him. Please. sign the petition. http://1090657914303896.link.thndrpnny.com/t8tsV

Baseball team. Seattle Mariners has placed its catcher on an indefinite suspension after being found culpable of racism. Stop Racism: Mariners Suspend Steve Clevenger For Racist Comments I BM BM

The Police Chief of El Cajon. Jeff Davis has revealed that the Black man.. Alfred Olango who was shot by his men on Wednesday. didn't possess a weapon as reported earlier. The Police Chief of El Cajon. Jeff Davis has revealed that the Black man. Alfred Olango who was shot by his men on Wednesday; didn't possess a weapon as reporte El Cajon Shooting: Black Man Shot By Police Had No Weapon: Police Chief Admits I BM BM

November 22 will mark the second anniversary of the Tamir Rice's death. The 12-year-old was carrying a toy airsoft gun when officer Timothy Loehmann shot him within two seconds of arriving on the scene. A grand jury decided not indict the killer. Tamir's mother said she is "mad as hell" with the grand jury's decision of declaring the officer not guilty. She went on to say. "He was my bright and shining star. He was full of light and laughter. Tamir had the potential to become anything in the World. but Officer Loehmann and Garmback didn't give him a chance". Due to the corrupt system. Samaria Rice has a dead child. However: he will always live in our hearts. Join us on November 26 to honor the memory of Tamir and show support to his family. Remember Tamir Rice

Do everything in your power to change the society we live in and fight to protect our children.

On November 15. 2015. Jamar Clark. a 24-year-old black man. was fatally shot by two Minneapolis cops. According to witnesses. Jamar was handcuffed when he was shot. Killer cops involved in the shooting won't face discipline. Chief Janee Harteau recently said that an internal investigation found the officers were warranted in using deadly force in the death of the 24-year-old black man. It's been a year since he died. Justice still hasn't been served. Come out to honor the memory of Jamar on November 19. We won't stop until change is here! #blacklivesmatter Remember Jamar Clark

Your help is needed. This case is a classic example of racial profiling in the system which has cost innocent Jerome Smith 31 years of his life already and can cost even more. Jerome must be brought home. No one pays attention to him. no one fights for his life. Let us help this man achieve justice! Please sign the petition. https://www.facebook.com/Save-Innocent-Man-Jerome-Skee-Smith-From-Life- I m prison ent-109065791 4303896/?sk=a pp_1903225443331 96&ref=s

Institutional racism takes a hold of our schools as white students of the University of North Dakota make a mockery of Black people. Institutional Racism: White Students Slam BLM I BM BM

Police kill us for not moving fast enough. for minding our own business. They don't realize that our daily goal is to return to our families alive and well.

Please share this disturbing video. A routine revenue collection stop turned into a nightmare for this black man. Kevin Campbell was driving his wife's minivan home in June when he was targeted for revenue collection by Allen Park Police Officer Daniel Mack. Mack literally kidnapped Campbell. placed him in handcuffs. threw him in a cage over a suspended license. accused Campbell of having drugs on him despite the fact that the K9 didn't find anything. Moreover. the cop sodomized him by putting the illegal substance inside his body. There was no search warrant.

A new video shows Officer Jason Stockley planting a gun on Anthony Lamar Smith after he shot and killed him. A new revelation has popped up following the release of a new video of the 2011 police fatal killing in St. Louis. The video captures Officer Jason Stockley. th St. Louis Killer Cop Caught In On Camera I BM BM

The cop beat this man like he was a runaway slave.

The video is circulating across the internet allegedly depicting a white NYPD officer raping a black 15-year-old girl in a jail cell. According to some sources. the incident took place in South Africa. However. there are some crucial points that are hidden from the society. A shocking video went viral of an on- duty white cop raping a young black teen in a jail. collecting numerous comments. Firstly. in the description box. it was w Major mismatches in the story of white cop raping 15 yo black girl I BM BM

Yet another innocent Black man losses his life due to the canker of police brutality in America. Yet another innocent Black man losses his life due to the canker of police brutality in America. Police Brutality: Black Man Beaten To Death By Cops I BM blackmattersus.com

