If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God. then we will be a nation gone under. Ronald Reagan

Join us because we care. Black matters.

Join us because we care. Black matters.

What's life of black American today? How equal are we? Have you ever been hurt by aggressive police officers because of your race? What's your story? Take an action and tell us your story and we post it on "Black Matters". We don't want our community to continue struggling with racism and police aggression. We want to fight back and to show how strong we are. Add your voice by sharing your experiences with us. You can send your story to blackmattersus@gmail.com or you can message us via Facebook anonym. or not. Being black in America comes with extra obstacles but together we call for powerful justice! Tell your story!

What's life of black American today? How equal are we? Have you ever been hurt by aggressive police officers because of your race? What's your story? Take an action and tell us your story and we post it on "Black Matters". We don't want our community to continue struggling with racism and police aggression. We want to fight back and to show how strong we are. Add your voice by sharing your experiences with us. You can send your story to blackmattersus@gmail.com or you can message us via Facebook anonym. or not. Being black in America comes with extra obstacles but together we call for powerful justice! Tell your story!

O000ps seems like someone screwed up! Salute our brave and smart cops who mistake man's member for a deadly weapon. Follow US and stay WOKE!

O000ps seems like someone screwed up! Salute our brave and smart cops who mistake man's member for a deadly weapon. Follow US and stay WOKE!

Either We Together or We Ain't!

New York. 18-19 Feb. 11:00. Meet at Dag Hammarskjold Plaza on 47 street.

Join us. Because we care

Fast-growing black community. Latest news and everyday updates.

Join us. Because we care

Fast-growing black community. Latest news and everyday updates.

A Year Without Justice for Tamir Rice. Join the meeting! A Year Without Justice for Tamir Rice

nan

Man Dies After Police Use Pepper Spray During Arrest In Alabama A man in Alabama collapsed and died after officers sprayed him with pepper spray while arresting him after a chase. Tuscaloosa police said Saturday. Police said Ware ran into nearby woods and struggled with officers when they caught up with him. Officers sprayed him with oleoresin capsicum. more commonly known as pepper spray. according to police. The chemical agent debilitates a person by causing temporary blindness and irritating a person's nose and throat. The six officers who were involved in Ware's case will remain on duty during an investigation. according to police. Officials said police car dash cam and body camera footage of the incident would be released after that investigation. This tragedy happen accidentally. and probably the police officers didn't wish death upon him. because they tried to give him first aid. However. the man is dead and there is no chance to rewind and bring him back. He's gone forever. but the cops will remain on duty and get away with this murder. Is this acceptable? We will know about he process of detention after the investigation is over. Let's wait and keep our eyes open. Black Lives Matter!

Have you ever been mistreated or abused by racist police officers? Do you want you story to be read by thousands of people? We can make this happen easily! We can post your story in our community.lt's very important to us. because black people should stop struggling with racism and police brutality. If we all speak out - we can do it! We can obtain justice and equality. You can send your story to blackmattersus@gmail.com or you can message us via Facebook anonym or not. We are not to judge. we are to share experience and support each other. So don't be shy and help the black community. United we stand!

Unarmed Black Man On A Horse Allegedly Strangled To Death By White Cop In Mississippi One of the last things that Jonathan Sanders. an unarmed black man. reportedly said before he died was. "Let me go. I can't breathe." On Wednesday night. a white police officer in the small town of Stonewall. Mississippi allegedly strangled Sanders. a 39-year-old black horseman. with a flashlight before killing him in view of his family members. Officer Kevin Herrington pulled Sanders off a horse and choked him with a flashlight. Sander's attorney. Stewart Parrish. initially told an ABC affiliate. Parrish later clarified that those allegations came from family members who witnessed the death. Parrish said that Sanders experienced "some kind of asphyxiation" during the altercation. Sanders died on the scene and leaves behind two children. The last words of Eric garner were "I can't breathe." the last words of Jonathan Sanders were "I can't breathe. let me go". Biting irony. isn't it? Since when is it illegal to train your horse in close propinquity to your house? America was always (and it is now)a police state for black people.

"I cant breathe" symbolize an anger and frustration over the relationship between law enforcement and black people in America.

Ta-Nehisi Coates on growing up in West Baltimore The famous African-American writer Ta-Nehisi Coates grew up in West Baltimore with people who lost a child whether to the streets. to guns or to jail. Today. his goal is to protect his son from the different forms of violence that he experienced in school and on the streets. People of color have been dealing with injustice ever since they crossed the North American continent. For instance. in West Baltimore. Ta-Nehisi was trained not to go to the neighborhoods unless you know this place. He was told that you cannot tolerate anybody attempting any physically violent threat to you. Moreover. his mom was feared that her children would get arrested. What does it mean? Undoubtedly. black Americans were afraid of police. improper procedure. injustice or what is worse. being killed by police officer. That's why the nationwide furor over the growing number of unarmed black men fatally shot by police officers has put the public on a new trend in America. In fact. this new trend caused disproportionate number of unarmed people of color killed by police. How dangerous is to live in your area today?

Black church vandalized for the third time in a row on Florida's Space Coast.Was it a hate-crime? A predominantly Melbourne black church was vandalized for the third time in six months. According to the Melbourne Police Department. the vandal bought axes to chop through access points to get in. Church Bishop Jacquelyn Gordon said that the church was in the process of development since they moved two years ago into 125.000 foot industrial complex. Moreover. the message "SS Charleston 2" was found on the car nearby the Church. which raised concerns about church security. SS Charleston 2 indicates the tragedy in Charleston when nine people were shot to death by white supremacist Dylann Roof at Emanuel AME church. Before. the church members found the words "We see u" that were painted in the radical emblem of the Nazi party swastika. How many hateful people living in America today? What of these people are getting their hatred and racism from their parents or friends? What if it is a hate crime? Has the government created a fund to assist this church?

Amandla Stenberg: Black Female Bodies Are Treated As Less Than Human "Do black females lives matter. too?" That's the big question 16-year-old Amandla Stenberg posed on Instagram on Sunday. The powerful post broke down the cultural double standards that plague black women every day. "Black features are beautiful. black women are not." Stenberg wrote. "White women are paragons of virtue and desire. black women are objects of fetishism and brutality. This. at least. seems to be the mentality surrounding black femininity and beauty in a society built upon eurocentric beauty standards." Everybody knows that racism is alive and prospering in America. However. all the news about killing black men and black teenagers. police brutality. unfair sentences and other issues. distract us from the fact that black women are being abused in the most violent ways. Usually they can't stand up for themselves unlike men. so they endure and suffer. In modern America black women experience more depression than probably during slavery. when everything was obvious. but now racism is hidden behind the mask of tolerance.

New York City Agrees to Pay Family of Eric Garner $5.9 Million New York City has agreed to pay the estate of Eric Garner $5.9 million to settle a lawsuit over his death after he was placed in a chokehold by a New York Police Department officer. The city didn't admit fault in the settlement. the comptroller's office said in announcing the accord Monday evening. onathan Moore. an attorney for the family. said the city made its offer of $5.9 million Monday and the Garner family. in his office. agreed unanimously to end the case. "There is no amount of money that would compensate them for their loss." Mr. Moore said. "Eric Garner is dead. He had no reason to die on that day. Whatever you think he was doing. he shouldn't have died." Yeah right. money won't bring Eric back. He's gone forever. and his his family knows that. But anyway. it's some sort of victory. It's way better than nothing. Rest in peace. Eric Garner. No justice. no peace.

Cleveland judge won't be forced to issue warrants in Rice shooting A divided Ohio appeals court panel on Friday said it would not force a municipal judge to issue arrest warrants for Cleveland police officers involved in the fatal shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice in a city park last November. Cleveland Municipal Court Judge Ronald Adrine in June found probable cause for Officer Timothy Loehmann. who shot Rice. and his partner. Frank Garmback. to face charges in the shooting. Loehmann shot Rice twice within seconds of arriving outside a city recreation center on Nov. 22 in response to an emergency call of a man with a gun. Rice. who was playing with an Airsoft-type replica handgun that shoots pellets. died the next day. By any means the justice system is trying to justify the cops. who should've been never employed even. They shot the poor kid in 2 seconds after they arrived. not even having time to understand the situation. Everyday police use excessive force and weapons against unarmed people. Killers in uniform... Let's honor Tamir's memory one more time.

Teen shot by St. Louis police paralyzed; mom laments gun violence A teenager shot by city police is paralyzed below the waist. his mother said Sunday as her family copes with another episode of gun violence. Not seven years ago. her teenage daughter was accidentally shot to death. This time. a firearm in the hand of her son. Brandon Claxton. 16. prompted an officer to shoot him three times about 7:15 p.m. Saturday in a housing complex in the 2500 block of Hodiamont Avenue. officials said. Police encountered him while responding to a call about someone with a stolen pistol. His mother said that she respected the police and that her son "shouldn't have had the gun." But from what witnesses have told her. she said. "They didn't have to shoot him down like that." One of three witnesses interviewed Sunday told a reporter that Brandon did have a gun in his hand. But all three said that he did not point a weapon at anyone as he tried to run from officers. When a white guy walks around with a rifle. nobody bats an eye. When a black guy walks with a pistol (or even a toy gun)- he'll be immediately shot by the police. Have you ever heard about open carry in the United States? Then here we go. Racial prejudice at its finest. Our condolences to the family.

Hands up. don't shoot' was built on pain. We don't ask police to hug us. we only ask them to stop killing black men. Because we are disproportionally killed by cops over and over again.

90-year-old WWII veteran is evicted on stretcher. The WWII veteran Johnnie H. Hodges refused to leave his house after he was not able to pay his mortgage while caring for his sick wife. Police and ambulance workers had to carry him away on a stretcher. A 90-year-old Navy veteran lived in his Buffalo home with his wife for decades. But about four years ago; he was taking care of his wife. who had Alzheimer's disease and spent all his income on her rehabilitation. In the process. he defaulted on his mortgage and amassed a huge debt totaling $73;000 to M&T Bank. Unfortunately. due to his default on his mortgage loan payments. he was evicted from his house on a stretcher. Why does the U.S. government treat military veterans absolutely disgracefully? Why the WWII veterans are literally being treated like human garbage by their own government? How potentially disabled veteran was evicted from his house? How come homelessness and unemployment among American veterans is much higher today than for the general population of the United States of America?

What differences do you see in the picture below? What do you think is the difference between police attitude towards white citizens and black citizens? Think about it.

St. Louis police shot teenager. Teen is paralyzed. Last Saturday the 16-year-old Brandon Claxton prompted an officer to shoot him three times in a housing complex in Hodiamont Avenue. According to police. they responded to a call about someone with a stolen 40-caliber pistol. Brandon Claxton is in critical conditions. But according to witnesses. Brandon did not point a pistol at anyone but he was trying to run away from the officers. Where is the video evidence of police shooting? Police Chief Sam Dotson said that there is not a clear view on video. What if police is trying to cover up the story? Did you know that police did not allow Brandon's mother to see her son because he was in custody? Do you believe that police was justified to arrest Brandon? Cameras don't lie! We need to know the truth whether the boy posed a threat or not!

Rapper OG Maco walked the red carpet of BET Awards in a shirt donning the names of police brutality victims. Helluva statement. indeed!

This is so sad.. how slowly this is becoming reality. Please America. Please wake up and realize it's time to change. Don't hide your head in the sand

We want our chief back' Last week. in a place that bills itself as the "Friendliest Town on the Eastern Shore." angry residents marched to City Hall. demanding to give back a job for Kelvin Sewell. the community's first black police chief. On June 29 he was fired amid allegations leveled against white officers of departmental racism. After that the crowd of Sewell's supporters moved to voice their outrage to the Pocomoke City Council with posters that read "We Support Chief Kelvin Sewell." As a nation we have looked the other way for far too long and it is disgraceful! This time we're not fighting with police. we're fighting for justice. The system is broken. police doesn't protect us and the government cares only about tycoons' interests. So here's a question - who will care about Americans who can't protect themselves? Who will care about us? #JusticeforChiefSewell

Made In The US: The Justice Turns Into Business For years. inmates with non-violent felonies and misdemeanor charges in New York City had to sit in Rikers Island for months awaiting trial. 'cause they couldn't afford to pay bail. Under the city's new bail initiative announced by Mayor Bill de Blasio last week. some 3.000 low-level offenders are eligible for release without bail. The system needs serious reform. According to the New York Police Department. the biggest part of arrests are low-level offenses like peeing on the street or disorderly conduct. The New York Daily News reports that 81 percent of the 7.3 million people hit with summonses between 2001 and 2013 were black and Hispanic. So what should we do? The criminal penal system is antiquated. It should be changed. The worse. it is now designed to be for profit which has led to laws being designed to keep people in prison. rather than rehabilitating. More and more it looks like it's a business. The first rule of any society is development. At such rate the US government will start to sell indulgences soon. Our system is not only unfair. but also corrupt! We should explore alternative solutions and limit the number of people in prison to the most violent and potentially dangerous offenders. Only real criminals should be in jail! Lemme ask you. have you ever seen a one of the tobacco industry executives go to jail? I guess no. We also have never seen the Bush or any other Presidents administrations were brought to justice. America has a justice system that was supplanted the Jim Crow laws as a means to keep the minorities from developing real opportunities for keeping the very rich from ever being brought to justice.

KKK. African-American group plan rallies at South Carolina Capitol Could you please just close your eyes for a minute? Now. imagine... 70-years after the Third Reich was down. Berlin organizes Nazi military parade. Sounds weird; inconceivable right? So tell me. why KKK march at South Carolina Capitol draws the ire only of local African-Americans? A Ku Klux Klan chapter and an African-American group plan overlapping demonstrations on Saturday outside the South Carolina State House; where state officials removed the Confederate battle flag last week. We have been fought with slavery. Jim Crow laws and etc for REALLy long time so what's the problem today? Nothing good coming out of this mess. So what is the purpose of this march? Hmmm... It feels like this could be billed as "the fight of the century." What do you think about it guys?

Another Woman Commits Suicide In Jail A teen committed suicide in a jail cell an hour after being arrested. another suspicious case of a Black woman dying in police custody in the past week. The second case over a week. huh? How retarded and/or brainwashed by Fox News is one supposed to be to believe this is a coincidence? No way we are gonna buy such bullshit. The weirdest thing about this specific case is that the suicide was committed just an hour after the arrest. Moreover. the woman was suspected of stealing someone's phone which is quite not a reason for getting to her account. We've got to also take into consideration that 1 in 3 black men go to prison as opposed to a considerably lower rate with the white men (http://www.alternet. org/story/154587/1 _in_3_black_men_g(:_to_prison_the_10_most_disturbing_ facts_about racial_inequality_in_the_u.s._criminal_justice_system). It definitely seems like there's more to this since until recently taking into custody hasn't been a reason for suicide among black women. Now for some people the only way to deal with police violence at the police stations is simply killing themselves...

Black. white. Asian. Hispanic. it doesn't matter. Racism is racism. it's wrong regardless.

I see racism as a pervasive element of both right and left wing politics in the US. Trust no one.

We do not need to drink the water from the fountain of youth. Because black don't crack!

Special prosecutor opened an investigation into death of black women Raynette Turner New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will launch an investigation into to the death of one of the five black women who died in an American jail over a two-week span. Raynette Tumer who was the mother of eight children died in jail cell in police custody last week. She was arrested for shoplifting some crab legs from a grocery store. Due to her bad health history she was taken to the hospital and released. But she died in jail waiting for someone to help. According to American legislation. the courthouse officials are supposed to check the cell every fifteen minutes but. no one checked Tumer's cell for more than two hours. A total of five African-American women have been found dead in police custody in just the last month. Most of them were hold for minor charges and still their deaths are under investigation. Sandra Bland from Texas. Kindra Chapman from Alabama. Joyce Curnell from South Carolina. Ralkina Jones from Ohio. and Raynetta Turner from New York were found dead in their cell after being arrested by police officers. Once again it raises questions about how black people are treated in police custody. What if death in police custody is about excessive police force? Do you realize that dozens of black people were found dead in the U.S?

Black people come together! Only together we are stronger! Stand up for your rights': Stand up against discrimination! Stand up for equality! It all depends on us. not the Congress.neither the White House. Because it's not the government who want to end discrimination.

The drama in Pocomoke. A Maryland town several weeks ago fired its first black Police Chief. now exposing a racial rift The leaders of small Maryland's city in Eastern Shore fired the Pocomoke City's first black police Chief Kelvin Sewell due to his incompetence and refusal to fire black police officers Franklin Savage and Lynell Green. Chief Sewell was hired by Pocomoke City back in 2010 after his retirement from the Baltimore Police Department. Earlier. before Sewell's dismissal he filed a complaint on unequal employment opportunities claiming he was paid less than his white predecessors. This is circumstantial evidence that America is divided into different parts based on race and income. Racism has gotten so bad. black people are treated unfairly. If God created us equally. why the unequal treatment of minorities still exists in our country? What if the firing gas stirred a new spirit of African-American activism?

Who said that protesting is not effective? Yes. it is! How many black people were killed and shot by police department for the past few years? How many protests have been held since 2013? How useful were protests? According to analysis by AP. 24 states have put 40 new laws to tackle police violence such as use of police officer body cameras. racial-bias training and surplus of military equipment. However. there is more work to be done to solve racial tensions in America. The public stand against discrimination happens when there is lack of inside connections with the government. People attempt to stop racism the government usually assumes to be problematic but protesters force the government to find compromise. It's a well known fact. when governments do not deliver. people protest.

Three Bronx officers were caught on camera by the passenger in a car as the driver appears to be repeatedly punched in the head and thrown to the ground. "Y'all is punching me in the face. What did I do to deserve this? the 24-year-old Timothy Nelson can be heard saying in the recording of the July 26 traffic stop. Do they really need 20 cops showing up for a traffic stop? And that's why I'd rather call a crack head for help before I call the cops they don't protect and serve. they shoot and kill anybody that's not wearing a police badge. And I do not wear it.

So basically cops are detaining folks for no real reason in order to find a reason to further detain & arrest them. That's a problem.

Man rammed St. Louis police car'for the black people'. Black people are fed up with an age of racist society? The 48-year-old Kevin Labriado from Bellefontaine Neighbors was charged for ramming police car from behind twice screaming "for black people". He assaulted two officers and his child who was sitting in his car. Two St. Louis officers were on patrol until Labriado and his five-year-old daughter accidentally rammed their car. When police officer tried to arrest him. Labriado yelled several times "This is for the black people". What if Labriado sought to revenge for all black lives that officers took away? Racism obviously gave rise to the tensions in society that led to disrespect and hate. Moreover. black people are fed up with racism and police violence towards black community. What is more. racial tensions have gotten worse under the current government. Even after several months of protests over the deaths of Eric Garner. Tamir Rice. Michael Brown. Sandra Bland and Freddie Gray the government inspired more unrest. Today black community is in desperate situation seeking for help.

We can start by having community days for the kids_ it's a must to invest in the youth. We underestimate what we're capable of doing on our own. We don't have to wait on others to value our lives.

Alabama Police Officer Kept His Job After Proposal to Murder Black Man and Hide Evidence A police officer in Alabama proposed murdering a black resident and creating bogus evidence to suggest the killing was in self-defense. Officer Troy Middlebrooks kept his job and continues to patrol Alexander City after authorities there paid the man $35.000 to avoid being publicly sued over the incident. Middlebrooks. a veteran of the US marines. said the man "needs a god damn bullet" and allegedly referred to him as "that nigger". after becoming frustrated that the man was not punished more harshly over a prior run-in. The payment was made to the black resident. Vincent Bias. after a secret recording of Middlebrooks's remarks was played to the city's police chiefs and the mayor. Elected city councillors said they were not consulted. Do you know that you can go to prison for murderous intent? However. if you are a white police officer. offering to KILL a BLACK AMERICAN and then hide the evidence. then you don't even get fired. Oh yeah. it's happening in a wonderful state called Alabama! You know how it works here. Do you have any more questions for American law enforcement system?

Young. Unarmed Black Man Killed By Cop Didn't Want To'Die Too Young' An unarmed black teenager in Texas was shot dead by a cop who had only recently graduated from the police academy. Just over a week before his death. he posted that he doesn't want to die too young on Twitter. Officers responded to a burglary call around 1 a.m. on Friday. hearing reports that a suspect was damaging vehicles. First spotting Taylor moving about the lot. officers also noticed Taylor's SUV had been smashed into the front of the dealership showroom. Finding that Taylor had moved inside the showroom. Arlington Police Chief Police Will Johnson said Taylor would not comply when told to lie down on the ground. but fled to a back room. 49-year-old officer Brad Miller entered the showroom to arrest Taylor. and then an altercation broke out. Miller fired four shots. including the fatal bullets from the gun of Miller. A second officer fired a taser. Johnson said. And now there are three main points that you should think of: 1) Taylor was described as a good kid. He was a football player at Angelo State University. Never was involved in criminal activities. 2) The officer graduated from the police academy less than 6 months ago and was working under the supervision of a training officer. 3) Taylor didn't want to die young. Black teens don't really live. they survive. And. unfortunately. there is no one to save them from death. There is no one to stop police brutality. We all want our kids to feel safe. we want them to be safe and sound. Are our hopes doomed to disappointment?

Michael. we didn't forget you. We haven't forgotten anyone. No justice - no peace. #BlackLivesMatter #Ferguson

BREAKING NEWS!#Oakland #JoeBart Oakland police officers fatally shot a man suspected in alleged carjacking attempt in Downtown Oakland Wednesday night. Is it a race war? Yesterday night. a group of 50 protesters burned Confederate flag and tried to shutdown a freeway in Downtown Oakland. The opposition to police violence was in response to the police shooting earlier in the day. According to Oakland Police Department. yesterday at 2:39 p.m. in the area of 69th Avenue and International Boulevard. Oakland police officers spotted a vehicle they believe to be connected to a previous robbery on July 27. The pursuit started when the driver fled through Oakland streets until the suspect crashed into another car in the area of 27th Avenue and Martin Luther King Jr. street. But when the suspect ran of the car. three officers opened fire. The suspect Joe Bart has died at the hospital. Did you know that it was fifth shooting this year that involved police officers? How quickly it has become so usual? Why it has become so legit? Where is the government speaking about the existence of racism in America? Black Lives Matter!

Black people still face discrimination New data shows that white privilege still dominates in the United States of America. It is painfully obvious that unequal treatment is harmful on a daily basis. For instance. poor service plays an important role contributing to alteration in health that is potential harmful realities for many black people.

Why black parents worry about their children? How should we talk to our children about how safely interact with police officers in order to protect themselves? Tina Carter-Shileds has five kids and three of them recently started to drive. The first thought she had when they wanted to drive alone was 'Wait a minute. I'm really scared right now.' What should they do if they get pulled over? What if they do something they don't supposed to be doing? It is not always fair when officers arrest African Americans. but it's a reality. What if police officers will automatically assume that your child is criminal because of how him or her looks. Black parents should remember that their kids will always be judged by the way they look. That's why it's important to instruct our children how to react when you are in trouble with law enforcement. Because if a stranger follows your child after him/her buy a bag of Skittles. ran back into the store. Remember. anything is better than dying. Anyways. it's hard to believe that in 21 st century black parents have to teach their children both survive and thrive. But who will take responsibility for training police officers?

What is like to live in America if you are black? Well. first of all you have to work much harder to prove that you are worth others. Second of all. everybody is judging and stereotyping you by the color of your skin. Third of all. you are always being an `other" even in the country you were born. Forth of all you are always expected to be load and to dance well. In addition. there are lots of people who like to `throw race cards". Can we live like that? How long should we wait for the government contributions?

300 Men March begins with 35-mile walk to D.C. to denounce epidemic of the culture of gun violence and racism 35-mile trek to Washington has started this Sunday evening in order to bring more attention to widespread violence in different cities across America. The founder of the group Munir Bahar said that the march will last 20 hours in a memory of more than 200 people who have been killed in Baltimore this year. The 300 Men March will highlight the racism and violence across the country. What's wrong with our society? Police kill unarmed citizens. we kill each other. What example we will be setting for the future generations? How are we going to break the cycle of violence? Are there any chances to overcome deeply rooted racism and violence in America? What if peace comes after the fairness?

Straight Outta Compton is straight reality The new movie Straight Outta Compton focus on legendary hip-hop pioneers N.W.A. and their struggles against racism and police violence. The movie is coming this weekend in the theaters. However. some of the cinemas refused to show the movie. citing "safety and liability" concerns. Does it remind you of anything? How about Ferguson? How about Baltimore? Today you are willing to be detained in the name of defending your rights. Today cops can easily shoot you for a small violation. Even having black cops and black mayors doesn't end police brutality. Fortunately today you are allowed to record police officers in order to further prevent potentially serious cases of police wrongdoing fairly.

14 Police Officers Take Down A One-legged Homeless Black Man Armed With Crutches in San Francisco Writer Chaedria LaBouvier reported that she had seen 14 San Francisco police officers subduing a homeless black man who had one leg outside Twitter headquarters. Witnesses told LaBouvier that police had been called because the man was waving sticks." which later turned out to be his crutches. None of the employees at Twitter or other tech companies came out to object as the 14 officers took down the one-legged homeless man. The U.S. Justice Department recently filed court documents in an Idaho case which declared it unconstitutional to criminalize homelessness. According to the Coalition on Homelessness. the city handed out 11.000 citations to homeless people who were sitting on sidewalks between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m. in 2014. What kind of people police usually hire? Mentally unstable bloodthirsty cowards or? We already know the answer. Sometimes we all wonder do police officers have mercy for anyone? Hard to say. because what we see confuses us.

Hand-colored portrait of an unidentified black woman shucking corn. By George Barnard.

Racism doesn't usually look like someone shouting slurs. it looks like people eagerly looking for a reason why a black kid deserved to die.

BREAKING NEWS! St. Louis police fatally shot a black teenager while trying to issue search warrant On Wednesday. Aug. 19 racial tensions again sparked in Missouri city after St. Louis police officers fatally shot black teenager at Walton Avenue and Page Boulevard while trying to issue search warrant. According to St. Louis Police Chief San Dotson. a young black man pointed a gun at officers and was trying to escape from a house where officers were carrying out a search warrant for him. The 33-year-old and 20-year-old officers who shot the suspect four times were about seven years on the force. That was followed by crowd of 150 people who gathered by intersection. Later on. nine people were arrested on charges of resisting arrest. The protesters said that the police provoked the situation. What do you think about it? What if this situation makes us want to keep the police out of our neighborhood? Why do you think police shoots first and then asks questions? Do you realize that the shooting came just ten days after St. Louis was flooded with protesters who were marking the anniversary of Michael Brown? What if the city and the government needs to center its attention on racism and discrimination in America instead of suspecting every single black men? We cannot accept the fact that police can easily kill black people in America. than we must do something about it. Protest or accept it. You choose. This is your life.

What is like driving while black in America? Throughout the twenty-first century there are thousands of complaints of the police "profiling" black drivers in America. Black Americans often complaint about being pulled over for the phenomenon called "driving while black". For example. a rich African American driving new Ferrari can be stopped hundreds of times for no apparent reason just because the fact that a black man driving an expensive car attract the attention of the police officers. But what if racial profiling ends with lethal consequences? Do you remember Sandra Bland who had run-ins with the police while driving? Do you all remember that she was found dead in police custody? Do we all have to avoid traffic stops in order to survive? For the matter of fact. the routine traffic stops are being a big deal for the people of color. According to the Justice Department statistics. black drivers are about 31 percent more likely to be subject to police than whites. Overall. this number indicates the racial difference in America.

Silenced racism in America Tamir Rice. Rumain Brisbon. Kajieme Powel. Dante Parker. Michael Brown. John Crawford III. Eric Garner. Jonathan Ferrell. Kimani Gray. Michael Brown and Sandra Bland are one of many examples of excessive police brutality used on black Americans. You never know if a simple traffic stop will end up with you in a police custody or bullets in your chest. Unfortunately. many of Americans feel very uncomfortable talking about these issues. which seem to confirm the idea that the government remain silent. Nevertheless. one should accept that African-Americans are more likely to be targeted by police officers on the street than whites. Therefore it endangers the rights of black community. Doubtless when the government defends the officers who have killed black men. it strikes us how unfair the system is and reaffirms our view that America would spend billions of dollars on radical extremists than talking about the domestic terrorism. racial inequality and police brutality.

Black power is greater then you thought. You just have to use it right. Fight for your civil rights. use your power! Civil Rights legislation is the most effective step towards eliminating unspoken by the government inequality in America. What if the civil rights movement generates social change? What if the civil rights movement accelerates the process of "the same opportunities"?

Confederate flags are permitted to fly at schools in Tennessee. Parents are worried about their children's safety. Yet here we are. Tennessee parents are worried about their children's safety at the local school after discovering that anyone is permitted to wear Confederate flag attire and to fly the Confederate flags at school. This provoked widespread discontent among black parents of Rutherford County. One of the parents said that she witnessed the students wearing the Confederate flag T-shirt and the controversial flags flying in the back students' cars. How would you feel if your child studies among those who like to fly the Confederate flags on their trucks? How would you feel about the safety of your child? Why children were permitted to openly display the Confederate flag on the school grounds? What kind of symbol the Confederate flag is for you? Do you remember Dylann Roof who killed black people at church? Do you remember that he was promoting the Confederate flag? What if your child studies among the same people? Is it an appropriate place for your kid to study? If Nazi flag was banned. than the Confederate flag must be outlawed too. Thus. if the government continues to accept this flag. it will bring more racist and hateful movements. because the Confederate flag shows a lack of empathy for African Americans slavery and for every black American man.

Power-Drunk Pig Threatens To "Drag" Teens Out Of Car Police officer Jeff Willis is facing disciplinary action after a video surfaced of him violently threatening teenagers because they were smiling at him and not taking him seriously enough. Willis pulled them over because one of the passengers allegedly flipped him the middle fighter from the window. When one of the young men asks the officer "What did I do?" the officer responds by saying. "I don't know. I just don't like you. I just don't like you." The only crime committed by the occupants of the car was shooting the video. We have a legal right to film and photograph police. in every state! People should know their rights - it's the first step to stop police brutality. If another person smiling makes you that upset. you should not be permitted to own a gun. People. who have mental illness or anger issues should not having access to guns. Guns should be in the hands of responsible adults! Police went out of the control. How much respect do you think Police has for people? 0! In this way. if you can't control yourself it's time to retire. you don't deserve to carry the badge. America needs better gun control. Although. it's not the type of gun that is the problem. It is the type of gun owner that is the problem. America. control your blue pigs!

Love this sign because it's true. Whether killed or jailed. too many Black children lose their fathers because of corrupted system.

Prominent Black Lives Matter activist Shaun King revealed to be white Black Lives Matter activist Shaun King has claimed for years that he is biracial. being born to a white mother and a black father. But recently uncovered records claim he misled the public about his race. and that he is in fact a white man pretending to be black. King's race would not be under scrutiny if it was not an essential component of his career. education and social status. In addition to getting a full-ride scholarship that is exclusively for black men. King has the position of "Justice Columnist" at progressive news website Daily Kos and enjoys a 169.000-strong follower count on Twitter. most of whom are a result of his activism following the death of Mike Brown in Ferguson. King's race would not be under scrutiny if it was not an essential component of his career. education and social status. In addition to getting a full-ride scholarship that is exclusively for black men. King has the position of "Justice Columnist" at progressive news website Daily Kos and enjoys a 169.000-strong follower count on Twitter. most of whom are a result of his activism following the death of Mike Brown in Ferguson. King still did not directly answer the simple yes or no question about his ethnic background: Are you black? Instead. he said. "If you have known me from when I was in elementary school at Huntertown Elementary until now. you've known me as black or bi-racial." Turning blackness into a performance is anti-blackness—irrespective of whether the white person doing it is Rachel Dolezal or Shaun King.

We do not want to fit into racist negative stereotypes that America has place on us. We are so tired of the government and media putting out the false images of black Americans. Why blacks are portrayed as brutal and aggressive? Can we stop it somehow?

This is enough. police officers! No more Eric Gartners! More than twenty protesters organized by the Mass Action Against Police Brutality group are calling for a further investigation into videotaped incident that took place in Washington Street in Roslindale. Nearly three-minute videotape posted to Youtube shows Boston Police officer earlier this month choking an 18-year-old Elvin Vargas and attempting to put him in a cruiser after he was arrested on August 16. Have you noticed than excessive force by police is disproportionate on people of color? When the government. law enforcement. the criminal justice system will treat all communities with dignity? How long should we complain about threats against our lives? As the ability to record police activity has become more widespread. can we achieve justice?

Jamycheal Mitchell: Mentally III. Criminalized. and Killed by the System Stories like the one of Jamycheal Mitchell. the 24-year-old young man who was found dead in his jail cell on August 19. are particularly hard to hear. What the police ruled "natural causes" turned out to be that he starved to death. The crime? Shoplifting. Mitchell. who had a severe mental illness had been ruled permanently disabled and was unable to work. In April. he stole a zebra cake. a Snickers. and Mountain Dew from a local 7-11 in Portsmouth; Virginia. It would be a month before he ever went before a judge. A judge then ruled him incompetent to stand trial. He should have been transported to a local mental health facility. but he wasn't. Apparently there wasn't one that had room for him. Three months later he was found dead in his cell. No meds had ever been administered. He had never made it to a mental health facility. He had lost nearly 80 pounds because he refused to eat. All for less than $5 worth of snacks he stole while in a mental health crisis. Yes; you can die over 5 dollars here in America. Nothing new here. Justice is just an empty word in this country. Be sure. you will never know the truth. We are far away from the truth.

All lives matter? All lives mattered during slavery too. All lives mattered during segregation too. All lives mattered during apartheid too. All lives always matter. But there are situations. where some lives are focused more on during that time. Not because they matter MORE. but because they're not put on an equal playing field. not treated the same way. and are treated like they're less/matter less.

The real enemy is around us. Watch out.

Because They Lack Crucial Training. These Cops Severely Beat a Blind Autistic Teen Unconscious During the incident. Abrams. 17. suffered two seizures after police used force against him at the Green Line's Lexington Parkway Station. The teen suffers from Asperger's syndrome. which causes him to strongly dislike being touched or having people in his person space. and is considered legally blind. wearing extremely magnified glasses. Officers thought the non-compliance of Abrams was reason enough to justify forcibly taking him down. which resulted in him being battered and left unconscious. Abrams non-compliance wasn't done out of malice. but out of not really understanding the situation. and believing he hadn't done anything wrong. Abrams' autism makes it extremely difficult for him to interpret the intentions or feelings of others. according to his mother. Police released the teen to the custody of his mother rather than take him to the juvenile detention facility. Police are trained to think like the military in combat. which means they prioritize their own safety and the safety of fellow officers over everything else. including that of the citizens they allegedly "protect and serve."

Think about this for a second. My house is on fire with my entire family inside. I make it out and scream for help. My neighbor grabs the water hose and sprays his house which isn't on fire. Then tells me all houses matter.

Innocent Bystanders Could Face Criminal Charges for Not Jumping in to Help Officer Make Arrest Residents of Huntsville. Alabama who declined to intervene to help a police officer subdue a suspect could face criminal prosecution under a state statute requiring them to assist an officer in trouble. Had the situation been reversed. however. police officers would face neither criminal nor civil prosecution for declining to aid a citizen under assault by a suspect. A man named Devonte Conerly who was suspected in a hit and run incident. allegedly tried to disarm the police officer who stopped him. Several officers responded to a call for assistance and eventually subdued and handcuffed Conerly. They then rebuked several bystanders who had declined to intervene. Bystanders are not liable to prosecution if the failure to render aid "was reasonable under the circumstances." but the burden of demonstrating that this is the case is placed upon the accused. When you'll see a bunch of cops beating an unarmed man. don't forget that you can be in his place just for not helping cops in committing a crime.

Racism is still a stumbling block between black and white Americans.

We won't apologize for our blackness. It's not our duty to do that. Black is beautiful. Beautiful is forever and it makes us to be proud. We will carry it with us everywhere and forever. We don't care if the government doesn't want to accept the fact that we are stronger than we were before. We don't care if the government doesn't see our problems. We can build our history on our own; because we are stronger by nature.

Know your rights and your freedom The murders of Michael Brown. Tryvon Martin. Freddie Gray. Eric Gartner and other black victims have dramatized depth of racism in America society. They were young and Black- that was enough for police officers to decide that they looked suspicious. The police brutality has sparked the movement and has emerged to demand justice and political attention. However. the everyday racism we see was not understood. but ignored. Moreover. the government along with the law enforcement violate our rights through the illegal use of force and mass arrests in order to obstruct our free expression. Yes. standing up for your right to protest for the equality and justice is challenging. but it's worth discrimination and unfairness black civilians face everyday. Remember. knowing your rights can be the most powerful weapon you have against police abuse and brutality. The most famous civil rights activists represent a basic philosophy. known for their fight against injustice and lasting profound impact in the lives of African- Americans. Martin Luther King Jr.. Malcolm X. Mary McLeod Bethune. Rosa Parks changed our lives forever. But what changes have you made? Have you contributed to a greater equality? What are you doing to fight against injustice and racism? Have you ever protested in civil rights protests or have you ever been part of Black Lives Matter movement? How do your protect your right to free expression? Please comment below. what have YOU done to prove- BLACK LIVES MATTER?

What progress have we made towards eliminating racial profiling? Who is trying to damage the stereotypes of African Americans? How many black men have died for minor crimes at the hands of the police officers?

WEAR BLACK. FIGHT BACK! CHALLENGE FOR OUR SUBSCRIBERS! October 22nd is one of the most important days for all of us. From 1996 onward people around the country have mobilized for a National Day of Protest to stop police brutality. repression and the criminalization of a generation. The powerful National Day of Protest will be brought in cities and towns all across the country. Let's make history together! It's time to stand up for our rights and our freedom! Our community has a challenge for you. guys. All you need to do is: wear black - take a picture of yourself during or right before/after this event - send it to us. Simple as that! We will post all the pictures on our page. so that the whole African American community will know about you and your efforts. It's really important for us to know we're united. It's important for us to know we care about our future. Black Matters will appreciate your efforts too! Check the official website to find an event in your area: http://www.october22.org/

Help us spread their shame! Anonymous unhoods the KKK prominent politicians. US Senators Thom Tillis (R-N.C.). John Cornyn (R-Tx.). Dan Coats(R-In.) and Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.). US mayors Madeline Rogero of Knoxville. Tennessee; Jim Gray of Lexington. Kentucky; Paul D. Fraim of Norfolk. Virginia; Kent Guinn of Ocala. Florida; and Tom Henry of Fort Wayne. Indiana. As long as there are the KKK members in the government. racism in the country will prosper. They should resign. If you want to stop this madness. take a minute to sign the petition: https://www.change.org/p/barack-obam a-u-s-house-of-representatives-u-s- senate-list-the-ku-klux-klan-as-an-official-terrorist-organization We need around 2.000 signs to reach 10.000. The KKK should be labeled as a terrorist group! Share this with your friends and ask them to sign the petition! Your efforts will be appreciated. It's time to make a change!

November 23. 2015 Is the One year anniversary Death of 12 year old Tamir Rice; killed by two Cleveland Police Officers Timothy Loehmann and Frank Garmback. You are welcome! Join the meeting. A Year Without Justice for Tamir Rice

A Year Without Justice for Tamir Rice. Join the meeting! A Year Without Justice for Tamir Rice

November 23. 2015 Is the One year anniversary Death of 12 year old Tamir Rice; killed by two Cleveland Police Officers Timothy Loehmann and Frank Garmback. You are welcome! Join the meeting.

Why I March! #JusticeOrElse 20 years ago. 20 years a million men. women and children gathered on the National Mall in Washington. DC answering the call from Minister Louis Farrakhan to come to the nation's capital and show our strength in numbers and unity and remind politicians that our voices would be heard. 20 years later. we return to call on our politicians to fix our broken criminal justice system once and for all. I march to fix a system that houses more black men in our prison system than there were black men enslaved in 1850. To fix a system that allows for local prosecutors to investigate their friends at the police department when there is an officer-involved shooting. To fix a system that has drug laws that disproportionately arrest black and brown people for using drugs when white people use at the same rate. To fix a system that has built a private industry off the backs of prisoners laboring for pennies. To fix a system that doesn't video record the actions of law enforcement at all times. To fix a system that criminalizes young women who are pimped and sexually trafficked before they even turn 18. To fix a system that does not collect any national data on incidents when police use excessive force or discharge their firearm. To fix a system that has incarcerated more people than any other nation in the world. To fix a system that has created a school to prison pipeline by harsher school discipline practices for young students of color. To fix a system of policing that targets communities of color by programs like "Stop & Frisk" or "Broken Windows." This is why I march. This is why we all should march in order to build a better future for our kids. We should fight the institutional racism in the country. Like and share if you want to help the movement!

Mass Shooting At Umpqua Community College In Oregon. 10 Reported Dead Ten people were killed and seven were wounded Thursday in a shooting at a small community college in Roseburg. Oregon. The shooting took place in classrooms in Snyder Hall. Law enforcement officials have identified Chris Harper Mercer as the man responsible for the mass shooting.He had four weapons on him - three handguns and one assault weapon. Also he was definitely ready to put up a fight. because he had body armor and stash of ammunition. One of the witnesses said that the gunman first asked about people's religions before he began firing. The hospital said that all victims were female between the ages of 18 and 34. and quoted a doctor who said that an "army" of doctors and nurses had volunteered to help. It's the 45th shooting at a school so far this year. Obama said that America is the only country on Earth that sees these kinds of mass shootings every few months. And he's right. People already got used to this. Isn't it time for some gun control yet? Some white supremacists say that the killer was mixed and he supported BLM. This information is not confirmed and is more likely to be fake. This dude is definitely not black. His parents are Caucasian. The fact it's been a few hours since the shooting and they haven't say what race he is means he's white. And honestly. word "shooting" isn't used correctly here. Can we call it terror? Oh. wait. White male though... #UCC #Oregon #shooting

nan

California...knows how to party California...knows how to party In the citaaay of L.A. In the citaaay of good of Watts In the citaaay. the city of Compton We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin! - 2Pac - California Love

Since 2010. over 350 of our lives have been taken at the hands of police. Those lives of which. were made to be worthless because of our race. Each time we die. many of your people. and those who stand by you. justify the taking of our lives. because they believe we are not human. and are not worthy of life. Why should we be a target for police violence and harassment?

Just like Trayvon Martin. race mattered for Amadou Diallo. Oscar Grant. Sean Bell. Emmett Till. and [thousands] more we will never know the name of who died because of their skin color." - Angela Davis. Racism is still alive in the USA.

Race war started by Texas teacher A Texas fourth-grade teacher Karen Fitzgibbons published a racial Facebook post in which she confirmed that Black people are responsible for racial tensions in the USA. Moreover she claimed that she is "almost to the point" of defending the segregation. After her post about the recent pool party incident drew local attention. the teacher deleted her profile. "This makes me ANGRY! This officer should not have had to resign. I'm going to just go ahead and say it....the blacks are the ones causing the problems and this `racial tension. I guess that's what happens when you flunk out of school and have no education. I'm sure their parents are just as guilty for not knowing what their kids were doing; or knew it and didn't care." she wrote. She also added."I'm almost to the point of wanting them all segregated on one side of town so they can hurt each other and leave the innocent people alone. Maybe the 50s and 60s were really on to something. Now. let the bashing of my true and honest opinion begin....GO!#imnotracist #imsickofthemcausingtrouble #itwasagatedcommunity". As we see Karen Fitzgibbons is a real racist. who approves the humiliation of black people! This news clearly reflects that American society is close to collapse. if not to say to war. As the authorities are doing nothing to resolve the situation. in the near future we may face real race war within our country.

The image of 1938 shows several African American Youths dangling around the stairs leading up to the back entrance of a segregated movie theater in Anniston. Alabama.That day the Tarzan film. Call of the Savage was shown.

American Racists On The Road The racists group of America "Back To The Blue" are organizing a hate rally in response to the public outcry and protests against police officers. "Bikers-patriots" want to descend on the McKinney Police HQ in a show of solidarity for the police because race-baiters and cop-haters. They plan to have "the biggest thing to happen in Patriot Movement since the Bundy Ranch victory!" It seems like we won't get into "post-racial America".... this event and the regular murder of innocent Black children by white supremacist police and citizens makes that clear. The modern government has brought racist America to the forefront. good or bad. This is something that America has a serious issue with - RACISM! Is it time to call out the national guard?

"Free Figure's Black Power Rally at VCU:"

A woman pretended Afro-American to gain control over black community association The president of a local NAACP chapter in Spokane. Washington is under investigation after her parents publicly accused her of lying being African American. Both parents of Rachel Dolezal are white. Rachel Dolezal also serves as the chair of Spokane's Office of Police Ombudsman Commission and is an adjunct professor of Africana Studies at Eastern Washington University. Dolezal falsely identified herself as African-American in order to be appointed as a chair. Dolezal's parents paid attention to the official documents. including a birth certificate. confirming that Rachel is part Swedish. Czech. and German with "traces" of Native American heritage. We see. how whites are trying to gain control over traditionally black organization that protects the rights and interests of the black community. In the Dolezal's case it is unlikely it was a mistake or personally motivated fraud. Simply she was given a task to join the association of black community in order to control it and hold the interests of white majority. We need a deep inspection of Rachel Dolezal's activities while she was a president of the local branch of the Association of black people! In order not to repeat similar cases in future we need a careful control of all appointments by black community! As it is. there is a dominance of whites in police departments and authorities of cities with a predominantly black population!

2Pac believed in Fight Tupac Shakur was indeed not just one of the greatest rappers of all time but a worldly icon whose status in hip-hop culture can never be replaced. His revolutionary knowledge mixed with street experience made him powerful unstoppable force that spoke to the hearts of millions of people. His songs touch on a number of engaging topics. including religion. women. oppression. etc. 2Pac was a humanitarian. who stood up for those who couldn't stand up for themselves. He believed in Fight and Speaking the Truth. Nowadays a lot of singers. both black and white use their music to sell records. just for making money. American society at all levels became too corruptive. starting from our government and ending with ordinary citizens. On the contrary Tupac did his music to influence the world. That's why he spoke to issues of poverty. oppression and racism. Today young African-Americans have fallen under bad influence of money. drugs and so on. Yeah. it is all started from the government's attitude towards Blacks. But let's remember Tupac and his ability to question the social order. Changes. one of his popular songs. asks everyone to change their lifestyles for better society. He always asked people to share with each other and to learn to love each other.

Today we celebrate the legendary rapper who ever lived: Happy B-day. Tupac! The greatest of all time rapper is known not only for his music but for the wise words he spoke and his strength in standing up against oppression. His real name was Lesane Parish Crooks. Shakur was only 25 years old at the time he was shot and killed in 1996. His killer has never been caught. We will never forget 2Pac. Today we remember him on what would've been his 44th Birthday.

It is an American history. African-American citizens sat behind signs like these on city buses.

Americans so much effort to hate each other instead of putting the effort into doing something useful. Stop racism! We all belong to ONE HUMAN RACE.

No national outrage for an incident at pool party where a black teen was shot to death Today. the pool party in Georgia is even more shocking than a recent pool party in Texas. A young man from Georgia was shot to death at a pool party at Fayette. It was an advertised on social 200 teenager's pool party which ended up with shootings of unknown assailant for unknown reasons. One of the five injured. a 19-year-old black teenager Clanton passed away on the way to hospital. In fact. the media has not made a transparent effort to cover up the incident. Why the pool party in Georgia is a silent story? Why the police was not aware of a large party? Why this story has no national outrage? Is it ok when a black teenager dies? Unfortunately. the responding police officers were not able to prevent the tragedy. From these facts one might conclude. police officers know the easiest ways to arrest people. but they are irresponsible to avoid the shootings at the average pool party.

A 13-year-old child was tasered by cop for skateboarding A San Diego sheriff's deputy was filmed tasering 13-year-old child in the spine for skateboarding. Witnesses reported that the cop tried to force them to delete videos from their phones. Videos show how the child writhes in agony from being tased. Police said that the child ran away from home and was missing for a day-and-half. However it doesn't give the reason to taser a child. We see another case of police misconduct. when the policeman actually attacked the child. This case should reach the court. because the child hasn't done anything unlawful. The policeman exceeded his powers and used force against a child. So he should be punished. Before the trial nothing's gonna change and cops are about to do whatever they want. The task of all Americans who have witnessed police brutality is to extend all the information about it in order to reach out the government and the court.

Only 9 days this year nobody was killed by police According to data from Mapping Police Violence there are only 9 days this calendar year when nobody was killed by police in the USA. Since January 1. 2015 at least 508 people have now been killed by policemen. Moreover. analyzing all deaths caused by police. African-American and Hispanic people are more likely to be killed than Whites. Figures show that the index of deaths for black people is 3.45 per million. while for whites it is 1.26 per million. Add here military-style equipment and non-lethal weapons. given to cops. And only 0.02 per cent of the nation's police forces are investigated each year. Only 0.02! That means. US policemen are immune from criminal changes in their killings. That's why they carry out their daily police raids to destroy the population at the territories under their control.

In early 1900s this Black Americana Chocolate Eyes Ad Art was popular in the USA. They made money from our pain and suffering! Though today we don't see such ads. racism still exists in the American society.

Sadness and shocking tragedy at historically black church in Charlestone *CLICK TO GET LIVE UPDATES ON OUR PAGE* A white gunman opened a fire at pastor and 8 other church members at black church in Charlestone. S.0 on Wednesday night. The young clean-shaved shooter walked in during a prayer meeting and started shooting the people. Charleston Police Chief Greg Mullen said that the incident would be investigated as hate crime. Emanuel AME Church is a historically Africa-American church which was found by Denmark Vesey in order to organize a slave revolt in 1822. Despite the first black American president. Africa-Americans remain the most common victims of hate crimes. But what if the hate crime relates to xenophobia? American xenophobia is based on the dominant white heritage that is giving birth to another form of hate and discrimination. These forms take another level of hate. Unfortunately. American tolerance is not what we think it is. US public is swapping patriotism for nationalism. tolerance for Islamophobia. racism and anti-immigrant sentiment. For instance. last February American gunman killed three young Muslims two miles away from the University of North Carolina campus. Was this gunman motivated by hate and intolerance? Should we expect for more hate-crimes? What if American racial change still occurs through generations? What of it racism happens due to unequal opportunities? What if America is still a deeply racist country? What if the church is not a safe place anymore? #CharlestonShooting #chsnews

Rachel Dolezal is wearing the other persons shoes. Rachel Dolezal drew attention to her racial identification. A white-born former NAACP leader claimed to be black. The criticism towards Dolezal stems controversy around her identity and her position as the president of the NAACP in Washington. Today. Dolezal sees herself as first transracial. Rachel Dolezal stated that her racial identity was black. American Indian; white and two more races. Moreover if she proves that she is black; than anyone else will be able to prove that he/she is not even a human being. What do you think about her? What kind of rights should she have?

The violent pool story #3. White police officer slammed black teen against his car This black family from Ohio will never forget the June 9th. According to the family's testimony. Krystal Dixon and her sister Maya Dixon took their eight children. nephews and nieces to Ohio public school in a Fairfield. Nevertheless. the pool employee demanded the family to leave due to one of the children did not have swim trunks. One of the boys broke the rules and the staff asked the family to leave. As six-months pregnant Krystal Dixon walked to the parking lot. the police officer grabbed her arm and asked for an ID-card. The witness video shows how the police officer pepper sprayed Dixon's family and grabbed 12-year-old child by neck. But according to the Fairfield police department. the white police officer did not use excessive force. Did the pool staff force them to leave because they were black? Was it a race factor? Don't you think the police officer's attempt to arrest Krystal Dixon was unlawful? How the police officers should be charged? What kind of right of defense do you have against unlawful arrests? These days. there is far more to being a "good cop" than choosing not to hurt innocent people. Plus. when are we going to stop being stereotypical? Even today. the stereotypes effect black population of the United States of America transmitted through music. lyrics. titles. literature. movies and folk saying. White Americans across the country embrace African-Americans the image of criminals and looters. How are we going to live with that?

What else has to happen for you all to realize black lives matter?

Thousands Walk Hand In Hand Across Ravenel Bridge To Show Support For Mother Emanuel Church On Sunday evening. hours after Emanuel A.M.E. Church opened its doors for the first service following the killing of nine of its congregants Wednesday. thousands in Charleston took to the streets in a show of support and solidarity. Observers on the bridge. and thousands more at the base. joined hands to create a "unity chain." then held a moment of silence that lasted five minutes in honor of the fallen. Police estimated that 10.000 to 15.000 took part in Sunday's gathering. according to the Post and Courier. Cars drove slowly past the bridge. taking in the sight and honking horns in solidarity as people chanted "Charleston strong!" Throughout history people start to unite only when they face danger or when they're in times of great sorrow. Modern America is accustomed to meet only imaginary dangers. however. Americans are getting more and more reasons to sorrow over something day by day. Does it mean that the key to the unity of 330 million Americans is constant fear and unending sorrow? Does it mean that only this can make Americans unite and forget about the infighting and differences? Unfortunately. yes. it does.

Whatever the white man has done. Black Americans have done. and often even better. Miss Black America in 1969.

How many of you believe in Black Jesus? There is quite a big number of people arguing about ethnicity of Jesus Christ. Was Jesus white. olive-skinned or black? The Coptic Museum in Cairo. Egypt owns the earliest painting of Jesus Christ in the Church of Rome (6th century) where skin color of Jesus was black.

Black is beautiful. God knows what he is doing. The Black skin is a glorious symbol of national greatness.

A small group of activists burned two confederate flags in response to shooting in Charleston. South Carolina. Why the symbol of the pro-slavery rebellion is still flying on the ground of South Carolina? Why the symbol of white supremacy is still flying on the South Carolina statehouse in Columbia? Why the flag that represents the murder of blacks was not removed from the national statehouse? The confederate flag represents terrorism. reminding us about the slavery time. racism and people that were murdered in a hate-crime. Today. we ask to remove this symbol of racism that flies 120 miles away from the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston. Yes. we must wipe off every single symbol of racism from the United States of America including the confederate flag. KKK and other racist organizations. We must give new names to the streets which were named after racist political figures and slave traders. We must remove monuments dedicated to Andrew Jackson. Robert Lee. Benjamin Huger. James Longstreet who owned slaves on their farms. How can we ever expect to get the racist symbols removed until we show ourselves to be men the same as any other race of men?

What's life of black American today? How equal are we? Have you ever been hurt by aggressive police officers because of your race? What's your story? Take an action and tell us your story and we post it on "Black Matters". We don't want our community to continue struggling with racism and police aggression. We want to fight back and to show how strong we are. Add your voice by sharing your experiences with us. You can send your story to blackmattersus@gmail.com or you can message us via Facebook anonym. or not. Being black in America comes with extra obstacles but together we call for powerful justice! Tell your story!

Even kids realize that black lives matter. Why are adults so blind then? Racial inequality should be stopped by any means.

Don't tell us race isn't the issue. Don't tell us the system works. Stop being blind. people.

Nothing really changes. Everything remains the same. Being black is awesome. it's being black in America that sucks.

There are people who generally believe racism is over. but minorities believe that there's a lot of racial discrimination in the United States of America. Thousands of African Americans experience discrimination due to inequality which results cultural failure and racial pathology. Do you realize that racism sits at the very core of American thinking?

Keep calm and remember your roots. Don't let the government to take it away from you.

McKinney Police Officer Involved In Pool Party Incident Eric Casebolt. the McKinney. police officer who was caught on video pinning a teenage girl to the ground and pulling his gun on others at a pool party. has resigned Tuesday evening. The McKinney Police Department. Chief Of Police Greg Conley said that Casebolt's decision to leave was voluntary and that he would continue to collect a pension and benefits. Why are the police so aggressive? It's in every state around the country. The young girl at the pool party was treated horrible. Our society needs police. good police. people who will solve crimes but. unfortunately. today we need someone who will protect us from the police. At the same time. it is good that millions of regular people got a glimpse of what kind of policing minorities have endured for decades.

Say it loud - "I am Black and I'm proud:"

Police Charges Black Student For Driving To A Well-lit Area Last time I checked US wasn't involved in any wars or anti-terrorist operations. at least officially. Well. then how come Detroit is no less dangerous then (the city ranks third in the list of top 100 US most dangerous cities)?? When 24-year-old DaJuawn Wallace saw flashing blue police lights in his rearview mirror he chose to proceed with caution since some people are known to be robbed by fake police officers. He preferred to find a well-lit area to pull over in. As a result. he was charged with 'fleeing' police. People are terrified by the police to such a degree that they even prefer to communicate with officers only in the well-lit areas. And get charged for that. Sometimes it makes me actually think that when not involved in any military operations in the foreign countries. our country's at war with its own citizens with the help of police.

African-American soldiers played a decisive role in the US Army on the western frontier during the Plains Wars. but it's not mentioned in our history books.

Cornel West on Obama:"The First Black President Has Become The First Niggerized Black President" Reacting to President Obama's use of the n-word on Marc Maron's podcast. Cornel West called him the first "niggerized" president in an appearance on CNN. West criticized Obama as "a person who is afraid and intimidated when it comes to putting a spotlight on white supremacy." "A niggerized black person is a black person who is afraid and scared and intimidated when it comes to putting a spotlight on white supremacy and fighting against white supremacy." West explained. "So when many of us said we have to fight against racism. what were we told?'No. he can't deal with racism because he has other issues. political calculations. He's the president of all America. not just black America.' We know he's president of all America but white supremacy is American as cherry pie." West is right as usual. African minorities would choose Mr. West in 2009 and 2012 instead of Obama. But we had no choice. Cornel is a good leader. he knows what black community is suffering from. Obama was promoted by big corporations owned by white people. Obama never tried to protect blacks from police pressure. never tried to stop police violence against blacks. Just count how many black lives were destroyed during his presidency. The number is horrific.

Autopsy Says Freddie Gray Died After Sustaining 'High-Energy Injury' in Police Van The Baltimore state medical examiner's office has found that Freddie Gray likely died from a single "high-energy injury" sustained as he rode shackled in the back of a police van on the day of his arrest. according to an autopsy report obtained by the Baltimore Sun. The autopsy report suggested that Gray may have attempted to stand up during the van ride. and that the injury could have occurred as he was thrown against the van wall when the vehicle changed direction. Like really? When police took Gray to the hospital. doctors determined that he had sustained a severed spine and crushed voice box. High-energy injury? We don't think so. It's hard to believe. Do they think we're idiots or something? Cops imprison you. shoot you. sever your spine. crush your larynx. send you to war. keep you poor. call you a thug and get away with it. There's no excuse for what happened to Freddie.

Ella Baker. The woman behind the scenes. Not many of you will probably be able to recognize Ella Baker. who was a hero of the civil rights Freedom Movement. racial and economic injustice for five decades. Her job was to put together the pieces in order to create a strong organization in the face of racism and injustice. She played a key role in NAACP; Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee and Martin Luther King's Southern Christian Leadership Conference.

Black Matters

Poet. Phyllis Wheatley. born into slavery in 1753 in Boston MA. First African American woman to have her writings published.

Black Matters

Florida police department used black men's mugshots for target practice a couple of months ago.

Chicago Boy Amari Brown Among 3 Dead. 27 Injured In Just 8-Hour Span In just an eight-hour span during the Fourth of July weekend. gun violence in Chicago left three people dead and 27 wounded. Amari Brown. a 7-year-old boy on the city's West Side. was the youngest of the fatalities. Those 30 shootings came between 9:20 p.m Saturday and 4:45 a.m. Sunday. Amari had spent the day celebrating with family and riding his scooter up and down the block where he lived with his grandmother and several other relatives in Humboldt Park. Just before midnight. a gunman opened fire outside a relative's home where Amari and other children were playing. hitting both the 7-year-old and a 26-year-old woman in the chest. No arrests have been made. Family members will hold a press conference Sunday afternoon to call for Amari's killer to turn himself in. How can we feel safe here in America? Permanent threat to life follows every American like a shadow. What did this boy do to deserve a bullet in his body? He just played with his friends outdoor. Is human life really worth nothing in our country? Rest in peace. Amari Brown.

There are people who generally believe racism is over. but minorities believe that there's a lot of racial discrimination in the United States of America. Thousands of African Americans experience discrimination due to inequality which results cultural failure and racial pathology. Do you realize that racism sits at the very core of American thinking?

It's time to be proud of our black beauty. Being born black is beautiful. being born black is powerful.

The panel represents Maurice. the Roman legion commander. who was black and was martyred for refusing to slaughter Christians. This painting is made by Mathis Gothart Grunewald.

Keep calm and remember your roots. Don't let the government to take it away from you.

Philosophy of African-American activist Huey Newton Huey Newton was an African-American political activist and a leader of generation of black. best known for founding the militant Black Panther Party in 1966. As a child. Newton experienced racial discrimination that influenced him to create the Black Panther Party as a voice of black people. His party grew up to a size of 5.000 full time party workers in 45 branches across America and inspired generation in North America to join the struggle against oppression. But he was shot to death in August 1989.

More riots are coming this summer ... unless What is the most important thing the government must to do this year in order our country to live in peace? The criminal justice system is very important institution where law enforcement investigate a crime gathering evidences to identify the presumed perpetrator ensuring that rights of the convicted are respected. But what if American criminal justice reform outdated and the country need to focus on a renewed sense of justice? What if disproportionate punishment is the main challenge of the criminal justice system? Disproportionate punishments known far and wide across the United States of America. Consequently. the victim's skin color plays a crucial role in deciding what kind of punishment he will receive. For instance. you are more likely to be sentenced to death if you have killed a white person. Frankly speaking. if the government wants to keep the country away from the summer urban riots. then they must think about the living standards of black population that is several times below the living standards of white people in America. In addition. the White House must reduce the unemployment rates of black population by revising the hiring policy for black Americans.Therefore. if we want a life's balance. the government have to reconsider all these things. because Black Americans lives matter.

Fifty years ago. 48% of African American adults and 57% of African American children lived in poverty. Today. only 28% of African American adults and 38% of African American children live in poverty. We've come so far. but still there is a long way to go.

7-Year-Old Madeleine from Charleston drew this picture in order to show us that being colorblind is awesome and we should give it a try.

Nothing really changes. Everything remains the same. Being black is awesome. it's being black in America that sucks.

Police Charges Black Student For Driving To A Well-lit Area Last time I checked US wasn't involved in any wars or anti-terrorist operations. at least officially. Well. then how come Detroit is no less dangerous then (the city ranks third in the list of top 100 US most dangerous cities)?? When 24-year-old DaJuawn Wallace saw flashing blue police lights in his rearview mirror he chose to proceed with caution since some people are known to be robbed by fake police officers. He preferred to find a well-lit area to pull over in. As a result. he was charged with 'fleeing' police. People are terrified by the police to such a degree that they even prefer to communicate with officers only in the well-lit areas. And get charged for that. Sometimes it makes me actually think that when not involved in any military operations in the foreign countries. our country's at war with its own citizens with the help of police.

Police Charges Black Student For Driving To A Well-lit Area Last time I checked US wasn't involved in any wars or anti-terrorist operations. at least officially. Well. then how come Detroit is no less dangerous then (the city ranks third in the list of top 100 US most dangerous cities)?? When 24-year-old DaJuawn Wallace saw flashing blue police lights in his rearview mirror he chose to proceed with caution since some people are known to be robbed by fake police officers. He preferred to find a well-lit area to pull over in. As a result. he was charged with 'fleeing' police. People are terrified by the police to such a degree that they even prefer to communicate with officers only in the well-lit areas. And get charged for that. Sometimes it makes me actually think that when not involved in any military operations in the foreign countries. our country's at war with its own citizens with the help of police.

Sadness and shocking tragedy at historically black church in Charlestone A white gunman opened a fire at pastor and 8 other church members at black church in Charlestone. S.0 on Wednesday night. The young clean-shaved shooter walked in during a prayer meeting and started shooting the people. Charleston Police Chief Greg Mullen said that the incident would be investigated as hate crime. Emanuel AME Church is a historically Africa-American church which was found by Denmark Vesey in order to organize a slave revolt in 1822. Despite the first black American president. Africa-Americans remain the most common victims of hate crimes. But what if the hate crime relates to xenophobia? American xenophobia is based on the dominant white heritage that is giving birth to another form of hate and discrimination. These forms take another level of hate. Unfortunately. American tolerance is not what we think it is. US public is swapping patriotism for nationalism. tolerance for Islamophobia. racism and anti-immigrant sentiment. For instance. last February American gunman killed three young Muslims two miles away from the University of North Carolina campus. Was this gunman motivated by hate and intolerance? Should we expect for more hate-crimes? What if American racial change still occurs through generations? What of it racism happens due to unequal opportunities? What if America is still a deeply racist country? What if the church is not a safe place anymore?

On October 15. 1966. Bobby Seale and Huey P. Newton have founded BPP. Their idea was simple - we can't just talk to make the change. we must take action. They started to monitor the behavior of police officers and challenge police brutality in Oakland. California. And they succeeded. Unfortunately. the government and especially Federal Bureau of Investigation called the party "the greatest threat to the internal security of the country". They tried to close it. to incarcerate BPP's participants. and in 1982 the original party was dissolved. 50 years have passed since BBP's foundation. but the situation in the country stills the same. Cops are shooting Blacks. It spreads through all the country like the disease. Nowadays we need Black Panthers as never before. We need a strong hand that can protect us. that can keep our people safe. that can make Black Lives really matter. Let's get together and celebrate the 50th anniversary of the party that has made the change. Let's honor its founders and participants. Let's share their ideas and ideals! Black Panther Party 50th Anniversary

WHY are we holding the Black Unity March? The black community is facing a number of seriou Black Unity March

WHY are we holding the Black Unity March? The black community is facing a number of seriou Black Unity March

Don't shoot we want to grow up! Against police brutality!

Against social injustice and police brutality!

Don't shoot we want to grow up!

Investigations have disclosed that 3-months old police officer. Sherry Hall lied about being shot by a Black man. Stop Police Brutality: Officer Sherry Hall's Lies Exposed I BM BM

Yet another innocent Black man losses his life due to the canker of police brutality in America. Police Brutality: Black Man Beaten To Death By Cops BM BM

Montgomery County middle school kids have tasted the outrage of the public after a video of them chanting racist words went viral on Facebook; further deepening the agony of racism in schools today. Montgomery County middle school kids have tasted the outrage of the public after a video of them chanting racist words went viral on Facebook; further deepening Racism In American Schools: Video Shows White Kids Chant "N-Word" On School Bus BM BM

There is a disgusting video circulating on the internet which shows an unidentified white cop rape a helpless Black teen. Shameless White Cop Rapes Black Teen I BM BM

Innocent Jerome Smith has spent 31 years of his life in prison. He must be brought home. Only you can help him. Please. sign the petition. http://1090657914303896.link.thndrpnny.com/t8tsV

Baseball team. Seattle Mariners has placed its catcher on an indefinite suspension after being found culpable of racism. Stop Racism: Mariners Suspend Steve Clevenger For Racist Comments I BM BM

The Police Chief of El Cajon. Jeff Davis has revealed that the Black man.. Alfred Olango who was shot by his men on Wednesday. didn't possess a weapon as reported earlier. The Police Chief of El Cajon. Jeff Davis has revealed that the Black man. Alfred Olango who was shot by his men on Wednesday; didn't possess a weapon as reporte El Cajon Shooting: Black Man Shot By Police Had No Weapon: Police Chief Admits I BM BM

November 22 will mark the second anniversary of the Tamir Rice's death. The 12-year-old was carrying a toy airsoft gun when officer Timothy Loehmann shot him within two seconds of arriving on the scene. A grand jury decided not indict the killer. Tamir's mother said she is "mad as hell" with the grand jury's decision of declaring the officer not guilty. She went on to say."He was my bright and shining star. He was full of light and laughter. Tamir had the potential to become anything in the World. but Officer Loehmann and Garmback didn't give him a chance". Due to the corrupt system. Samaria Rice has a dead child. However; he will always live in our hearts. Join us on November 26 to honor the memory of Tamir and show support to his family. Remember Tamir Rice

November 22 will mark the second anniversary of the Tamir Rice's death. The 12-year-old was carrying a toy airsoft gun when officer Timothy Loehmann shot him within two seconds of arriving on the scene. A grand jury decided not indict the killer. Tamir's mother said she is "mad as hell" with the grand jury's decision of declaring the officer not guilty. She went on to say. "He was my bright and shining star. He was full of light and laughter. Tamir had the potential to become anything in the World. but Officer Loehmann and Garmback didn't give him a chance". Due to the corrupt system. Samaria Rice has a dead child. However: he will always live in our hearts. Join us on November 26 to honor the memory of Tamir and show support to his family. Remember Tamir Rice

November 22 will mark the second anniversary of the Tamir Rice's death. The 12-year-old was carrying a toy airsoft gun when officer Timothy Loehmann shot him within two seconds of arriving on the scene. A grand jury decided not indict the killer. Tamir's mother said she is "mad as hell" with the grand jury's decision of declaring the officer not guilty. She went on to say."He was my bright and shining star. He was full of light and laughter. Tamir had the potential to become anything in the World. but Officer Loehmann and Garmback didn't give him a chance". Due to the corrupt system. Samaria Rice has a dead child. However; he will always live in our hearts. Join us on November 26 to honor the memory of Tamir and show support to his family. Remember Tamir Rice

Do everything in your power to change the society we live in and fight to protect our children.

On November 15. 2015. Jamar Clark. a 24-year-old black man. was fatally shot by two Minneapolis cops. According to witnesses. Jamar was handcuffed when he was shot. Killer cops involved in the shooting won't face discipline. Chief Janee Harteau recently said that an internal investigation found the officers were warranted in using deadly force in the death of the 24-year-old black man. It's been a year since he died. Justice still hasn't been served. Come out to honor the memory of Jamar on November 19. We won't stop until change is here! #blacklivesmatter Remember Jamar Clark

Your help is needed. This case is a classic example of racial profiling in the system which has cost innocent Jerome Smith 31 years of his life already and can cost even more. Jerome must be brought home. No one pays attention to him. no one fights for his life. Let us help this man achieve justice! Please sign the petition. https://www.facebook.com/Save-Innocent-Man-Jerome-Skee-Smith-From-Life- I m prison ent-109065791 4303896/?sk=a pp_1903225443331 96&ref=s

Institutional racism takes a hold of our schools as white students of the University of North Dakota make a mockery of Black people. Institutional Racism: White Students Slam BLM I BM BM

Police kill us for not moving fast enough. for minding our own business. They don't realize that our daily goal is to return to our families alive and well.

Please share this disturbing video. A routine revenue collection stop turned into a nightmare for this black man. Kevin Campbell was driving his wife's minivan home in June when he was targeted for revenue collection by Allen Park Police Officer Daniel Mack. Mack literally kidnapped Campbell. placed him in handcuffs. threw him in a cage over a suspended license. accused Campbell of having drugs on him despite the fact that the K9 didn't find anything. Moreover. the cop sodomized him by putting the illegal substance inside his body. There was no search warrant.

A new video shows Officer Jason Stockley planting a gun on Anthony Lamar Smith after he shot and killed him. A new revelation has popped up following the release of a new video of the 2011 police fatal killing in St. Louis. The video captures Officer Jason Stockley. th St. Louis Killer Cop Caught In On Camera I BM BM

The cop beat this man like he was a runaway slave.

The video is circulating across the internet allegedly depicting a white NYPD officer raping a black 15-year-old girl in a jail cell. According to some sources. the incident took place in South Africa. However. there are some crucial points that are hidden from the society. A shocking video went viral of an on- duty white cop raping a young black teen in a jail. collecting numerous comments. Firstly; in the description box. it was w Major mismatches in the story of white cop raping 15 yo black girl I BM BM

Are you going to vote in this presidential election as young black male or female? The founder and editor-in-chief of Black Millennial and one of the organizers of Black Lives Matter NYC Arielle Newton is 23-years-old. She is black college-educated woman who is drawing in $160.000 student loan debt. Today. Arielle is centered on the roots causes racism and resulting epidemic discrimination and socioeconomic illness. In fact. in her opinion the candidates for the next president of the United States of America are problematic in terms of lack of transparency and accountability. For instance. one candidate is complicit in fueling the war on drugs; another one in corrupted criminal justice system. next one in making racial justice as the centerpiece of the campaign as a strategy to have more black voters. Doubtless. voting won't bring us safety and won't provide us an immediate conduit for our social well-being. Ironically. even the first black president of the United States of America was not able to withstand the racist opposition and law enforcement. It means voting again for anti-black system won't save black lives. but might jeopardize it.

will attract the UN's attention to the long term injustice and cruelty against people of color in the United States. The genocide instituted by white supremacists should be stopped. Join our protest that will be held Also. join the event for more info: #CrimesOfGenocide

