Ad ID: 429
Targeted Locations:  No Value
Interest:  No Value
People Who Match: People who like Black Matters
Excluded:  No Value
Age: 18 - 65+
Language:  No Value
Placement: News Feed on desktop computers or News Feed on mobile
URL: https://www.facebook.com/Black-Matters-1579673598947501/
Ad Creation Date:  No Value
Ad End Date:  No Value
Ad Impressions: 
Ad Clicks: 
Ad Spend:  No Value
Ad Text Sadness and shocking tragedy at historically black church in Charlestone Ad Landing Page Ad Targeting Ad Spend Ad Creation Date Ad End Date A white gunman opened a fire at pastor and 8 other church members at black church in Charlestone, S.0 on Wednesday night. The young clean-shaved shooter walked in during a prayer meeting and started shooting the people. Charleston Police Chief Greg Mullen said that the incident would be investigated as hate crime. Emanuel AME Church is a historically Africa-American church which was found by Denmark Vesey in order to organize a slave revolt in 1822. Despite the first black American president, Africa-Americans remain the most common victims of hate crimes. But what if the hate crime relates to xenophobia? American xenophobia is based on the dominant white heritage that is giving birth to another form of hate and discrimination. These forms take another level of hate. Unfortunately, American tolerance is not what we think it is. US public is swapping patriotism for nationalism, tolerance for Islamophobia, racism and anti-immigrant sentiment. For instance, last February American gunman killed three young Muslims two miles away from the University of North Carolina campus. Was this gunman motivated by hate and intolerance? Should we expect for more hate-crimes? What if American racial change still occurs through generations? What of it racism happens due to unequal opportunities? What if America is still a deeply racist country? What if the church is not a safe place anymore? Location: United States: Baltimore Maryland; Ferguson, St. Louis Missouri; Cleveland Ohio devices Friends of people who are connected to Black Matters 0 0 None 06/18/15 02:49:23 AM PDT 06/19/15 02:49:23 AM PDT P(1)0002262 Redactions Completed at the Direction of Ranking Member 
