A Wounded Warrior and his service dog. Support our Veterans - Follow: The US Gov Spending Stats Instalol
TAG YOUR PHOTOS WITH #TXagainst Send us the reason why don't you want illegals in Texas. Comments, photos, and videos are welcomed!
Homeland of brave. Support our veterans! Join us! Veterans USA GovSpending
What do you know about PTSD? Do you know that US Military deaths since 1999 count 6,904, while veterans suicides since 1999 account for 128,480? We'are losing 18 times more warriors in civilian life than on the battlefields! Learn more! Follow us! Veterans USA( @veterans GovSpending
Click learn more! People don't want to look at the homeless. But maybe they will look at, or think about, or support dealing with homelessness once they know that 12% of the homeless adult population are veterans. Join us! Veterans USA( @veterans GovSpending
Heritage not hate y'all! Our flag has nothing to do with racism! The Federal Government shouldn't be able to dictate what we can and cannot do. Go follow Confederate page #1 on lnstagram south united if you are proud of our southern heritage. God bless Dixie! Confederate page #1 on lnstagram! No racism, no hate! The south will rise again! https://twitter.com/March_for_Trump South United GovSpending
Let's make America great again for the future generations! Click Learn More! Veterans USA ( @veterans GovSpending
If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under. Ronald Reagan
Null
Join us because we care. Black matters.
The first lesson of economics is scarcity: there is never enough of anything to fully satisfy all those who want it. The first lesson of Obama's policies is to disregard the first lesson of economics... USA TO ISSUE MORE GREEN CARDS THAN POPULATIONS OF IOWA, NEW HAMPSHIRE, SOUTH CAROLINA COMBINED. The lion's share of these visas are for lesser-skilled and lower-paid workers and their dependents who, because they are here on work-authorized visas, are added directly to the same labor pool occupied by current unemployed jobseekers. Expressly because they arrive on legal immigrant visas, most will be able to draw a wide range of taxpayer-funded benefits, and corporations will be allowed to directly substitute these workers for Americans. Improved border security would have no effect on the continued arrival of these foreign workers, refugees, and permanent immigrants—because they are all invited here by the federal government. Obama swore an oath to uphold our Constitution and protect the American people but he has done everything in his power to destroy us. In a short few years, America will resemble Mehico City ...where you will need to defend your life almost on a daily basis. Obama is killing our country. In turn I hope he drops dead soon.
This brave hero finally gets home to her daughter. This picture takes my breath away, recognizing the contribution that the military child makes as their parent or parents serve our nation...
America has always been hinged on hard-working people. If you remove jobs, you'll remove our country from the world map. The state of Pennsylvania rose owing to multiple enterprises mining coal, producing steel, and creating the need for other jobs, groceries, doctors, dentists, insurance, gas, vehicles, mechanics and the list goes on. As far as Mr. Trump pursues the goal of creating more jobs and supports the working class. He said he would put miners back to work. We could help Mr. Trump win Pennsylvania which is a battleground state. We'd like to organize a rally "Miners for Trump" in Pennsylvania. Have something against coal industries? Please note then that burning coal is not more harmful than lumber. Alternative energy is only possible when subsidized by government for it is not lucrative. You cannot leave tens of thousands of people without a job just because of lobbyists' interests. The current list of locations is being elaborated. Suggested cities are Erie, Pittsburg, Scranton, Harrisburg, Allentown, and Philly. Confirmed locations: Marconi Plaza, Philadelphia. Miners for Trump: Unity day in Pennsylvania
America has always been hinged on hard-working people. If you remove jobs, you'll remove our country from the world map. The state of Pennsylvania rose owing to multiple enterprises mining coal, producing steel, and creating the need for other jobs, groceries, doctors, dentists, insurance, gas, vehicles, mechanics and the list goes on. As far as Mr. Trump pursues the goal of creating more jobs and supports the working class. He said he would put miners back to work. We could help Mr. Trump win Pennsylvania which is a battleground state. We'd like to organize a rally "Miners for Trump" in Pennsylvania. Have something against coal industries? Please note then that burning coal is not more harmful than lumber. Alternative energy is only possible when subsidized by government for it is not lucrative. You cannot leave tens of thousands of people without a job just because of lobbyists' interests. The current list of locations is being elaborated. Suggested cities are Erie, Pittsburg, Scranton, Harrisburg, Allentown, and Philly. Confirmed locations: Marconi Plaza, Philadelphia. Miners for Trump: Unity day in Pennsylvania
America has always been hinged on hard-working people. If you remove jobs, you'll remove our country from the world map. The state of Pennsylvania rose owing to multiple enterprises mining coal, producing steel, and creating the need for other jobs, groceries, doctors, dentists, insurance, gas, vehicles, mechanics and the list goes on. As far as Mr. Trump pursues the goal of creating more jobs and supports the working class. He said he would put miners back to work. We could help Mr. Trump win Pennsylvania which is a battleground state. We'd like to organize a rally "Miners for Trump" in Pennsylvania. Have something against coal industries? Please note then that burning coal is not more harmful than lumber. Alternative energy is only possible when subsidized by government for it is not lucrative. You cannot leave tens of thousands of people without a job just because of lobbyists' interests. The current list of locations is being elaborated. Suggested cities are Erie, Pittsburg, Scranton, Harrisburg, Allentown, and Philly. Confirmed locations: Marconi Plaza, Philadelphia. Miners for Trump: Unity day in Pennsylvania
America has always been hinged on hard-working people. If you remove jobs, you'll remove our country from the world map. The state of Pennsylvania rose owing to multiple enterprises mining coal, producing steel, and creating the need for other jobs, groceries, doctors, dentists, insurance, gas, vehicles, mechanics and the list goes on. As far as Mr. Trump pursues the goal of creating more jobs and supports the working class. He said he would put miners back to work. We could help Mr. Trump win Pennsylvania which is a battleground state. We'd like to organize a rally "Miners for Trump" in Pennsylvania. Have something against coal industries? Please note then that burning coal is not more harmful than lumber. Alternative energy is only possible when subsidized by government for it is not lucrative. You cannot leave tens of thousands of people without a job just because of lobbyists' interests. The current list of locations is being elaborated. Suggested cities are Erie, Pittsburg, Scranton, Harrisburg, Allentown, and Philly. Confirmed locations: Marconi Plaza, Philadelphia. Miners for Trump: Unity day in Pennsylvania
Donald John Trump was elected the 45th president of the United States on Tuesday! Today some massive crowds of libtards marched in NYC against election of Donald Trump. Come to Trump Tower(725 5th Ave)on Saturday to show Mr. Trump there actually ARE people in NY who voted for him! Support Trump in NYC
Donald John Trump was elected the 45th president of the United States on Tuesday! Today some massive crowds of libtards marched in NYC against election of Donald Trump. Come to Trump Tower(725 5th Ave)on Saturday to show Mr. Trump there actually ARE people in NY who voted for him! Support Trump in NYC
Donald John Trump was elected the 45th president of the United States on Tuesday! Today some massive crowds of libtards marched in NYC against election of Donald Trump. Come to Trump Tower(725 5th Ave)on Saturday to show Mr. Trump there actually ARE people in NY who voted for him! Support Trump in NYC
Donald John Trump was elected the 45th president of the United States on Tuesday! Today some massive crowds of libtards marched in NYC against election of Donald Trump. Come to Trump Tower(725 5th Ave)on Saturday to show Mr. Trump there actually ARE people in NY who voted for him! Support Trump in NYC
1 absolutely love this picture. I can't explain why, but just everything about it makes it kind of dusty in here....
We pay tax money that are wasted on wars in the East instead of protect our own borders and support economy.
The Justice Department is set to release about 6,000 inmates from federal prisons in a bid to reduce overcrowding. It is the largest one-time release of federal prisoners. The Department will release drug offenders who received harsh sentences over the last three decades. Every third of them is illegal immigrant. Barack Obama has criticized overblown sentencing laws that "disproportionately impact communities of color." But is it indeed a reason to release criminals? If Latinos commit crimes often than whites, it doesn't mean that some Latino criminals should escape penalty.
Jindal on Immigration:'We Got to Stop the Hyphenated Americans' "America's immigration problem will only be solved with a secure border," Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal tells Newsmax TV. In an exclusive interview with "Newsmax Prime" host J.D. Hayworth, the GOP presidential hopeful said part of the problem also lies with President Barack Obama "out there saying 'don't worry we're not going to enforce."' Good words Mr. Jindal, too bad democrats don't understand such an obvious things and continue to let illegals into the US. They want to keep the border open so violent illegal aliens can victimize our citizens Jindal said that in a trip to the border, he witnessed illegal aliens easily gaining entry. "I saw three groups come right across in broad daylight," he said. "One group walked across a man-made dam, got to a fence... they swing the gate wide open. It's not even locked." America floods the country with people who have no job skills and offer them a living on welfare. Voila, we have a work ethic breakdown. I think, it's time for government to do their job and protect our country. America for Americans!
The recent poll has shown military representatives prefer Trump two times more than Clinton. I wonder how Hillary can even have military supporters, our soldiers have suffered enough from the liberal-in-chief for the last eight years. What's also confusing in that poll — almost every fifth polled soldier refuses to vote at all. It's a great demonstration out troops no longer trust the President, and Clinton would definitely not change the situation. No need to remind you what mistakes can Hillary do if allowed running our military forces —we don't need another Iraq and we definitely don't need another Benghazi.
A heavily armed Syed Farook, his wife and brother opened fire on a holiday banquet for his co-workers Wednesday, killing 14 people and seriously wounding more than a dozen others in a precision assault. Hours later, two terrorists died in a shootout with San Bernardino police. One shooter still at large. It is known that gunmen are Muslims. They are very religious and probably linked with ISIS. California shooting should become a lesson for the administration — accepting refugees from Syria threatens the National security. It's tragedy. Enemies of America attacked our people again. Unfortunately, today we have no strong leader who is courageous enough to conquer terrorism. Nevertheless, we will not allow terrorists to change our way of life. We will not allow them to restrict our freedoms. We express our sincere condolences to families of victims in California shooting. If you want to express sympathy for victims, change your Facebook profile picture, using this web site http://imsanbernardino.info #IAm San Bernardino
SCOTUS RULES AGAINST KENTUCKY CLERK IN GAY MARRIAGE CASE The Supreme Court on Monday evening denied a Kentucky clerk's request to keep enforcing her "no marriage licenses" policy — an attempt to avoid issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples — while she appeals the trial court's preliminary ruling. Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis will have to choose whether to issue marriage licenses, defying her Christian conviction, or continue to refuse them, defying a federal judge who could pummel her with fines or order that she be hauled off to jail. For Ms. Davis to enact her own personal policy is completely unacceptable. She is on her fourth marriage, a sinner according to her Bible, yet she's screaming about religious convictions. What a hypocrite! And she doesn't even perform the ceremony, only issue a license. What her religious convictions has to do with it?? It's not up to her to make policy, it's her role only to enact it! Funny how all these "Christians" are preaching and practicing all this hate, eh? If Jesus were around today, his response would be most likely, "What the hell is wrong with you people!" #SameSexMarriage #MarriageEquality #Kentucky #SCOTUS #homophobia #bigotry
Westboro baptist church is planning to stand against tolerance in education system near LG God H8s Bigots Rally
Westboro baptist church is planning to stand against tolerance in education system near LG Westboro Baptist Church counter protest
Westboro baptist church is planning to stand against tolerance in education system near LG Westboro Baptist Church counter protest
Excuse me ... WHAT?!? Taxpayers Spend $3.5 Million to Find Out Why Lesbians Are Fat A U.S. Health and Human Services study to understand why lesbians are fat has now cost taxpayers over $3.5 million to-date. The study, "Sexual Orientation and Obesity: A Test of a Gendered Biopsychosocial Model," seeks to determine why there is a disparity in the obesity rates between straight women and lesbian women and straight men and gay men. Oh God!! It made you look the fools! People overeat when they are unhappy with themselves and their lives! Not only lesbians! And we have enough reasons! First of all - your research!!lt's humiliating!
Congratulations! Now we have the Gay Scouts of America! The Boy Scouts of America Executive Committee unanimously approved allowing gay adults to serve as leaders, officials said on Monday, in a major step toward dismantling a policy that has caused deep rifts in the 105-year-old organization. This resolution will allow chartered organizations to select adult leaders without regard to sexual orientation, continuing Scouting's longstanding policy of chartered organizations selecting their leaders. The Boy Scouts of America's ban on gay adults has stood as a towering example of explicit, institutional homophobia in one of America's most important and recognizable civic organizations. This is a step in the right direction , but we're still really concerned that there are still going to be groups that are going to be hostile to gay leaders ... This story certainly brought out the haters and the loony "Christians." They've lost so many cultural battles in their effort to keep us all in the middle ages that I think it's unhinged most of them!
Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it. Share your kisses, be happy and have a gay day!
Is here anyone from Glendale, Arizona? WE NEED YOU! HELP US to protect the memory of the victims of hate! Last week on Friday, May Kieu and Dorothy Dutiel, both 15-year-old sophomores at Independence High School in Glendale, each died of a single gunshot wound about 8 a.m. just outside the school's cafeteria. The girls were a couple. Police are calling it a murder-suicide. This heart-breaking incident is all over the news and the comments are disgusting! Homophobes use the incident as a proof that love is a sin! This is just ignorance! Two children died and people are grieving! How would you feel if strangers came to your neighborhood or your school to push their agenda? These people are just aggravating the situation and traumatizing other KIDS! If you live in Glendale, Arizona, please, come and support us today: 6602 N 75th Ave,Glendale, AZ 85303. LET'S STAND UP AGAINST BIGOTRY! If you are not from Glendale, please, SHARE this post! Let people know we support them! P.S. please, send us photos from the event.
That's s00000 cool!!
We are not here to entertain straight people. They can stare all they want. But please stop asking these stupid questions about "lesbian relationships"!! We don't think of ourselves as a "lesbian couple", so pleas stop saying that. We think of ourselves as a "couple", and like any other, we are a couple who is madly in love and who doesn't want to hide that love in order to make other people feel more comfortable. Oh you'd like to join because you've seen a lot of adult videos with "lesbians"? You think our deeply emotional, fully satisfying-on-all-levels relationship is just an act, a make-out for you to watch? For you to join us in our bedroom? No, no and NO. #lesbian #loveislove #straight #stereotypes
Discrimination runs rampant in too many people in this country - and it comes in too many forms. Ok! I just noticed one interesting thing ... The kids that need foster care come from heterosexual families. So I think the straights should be banned from being foster parents! A Kansas Department of Children and Families official said that the state will continue to allow qualified single adults to serve as foster parents for abused and neglected children, but she said her agency isn't ready to say whether it will allow married same-sex couples to do so. Oh God ... Just because your gay doesn't make you any less of a human or any less deserving of any right afforded to anyone else! Anyone who believes that a gay person is below a straight person needs treatment! It is time for this freaking discrimination to end! They have no valid reasons for denying married gays from adopting and fostering kids. All they are doing is denying kids loving homes because of their own bigotry.
IN 2016??? Closeted minor leaguer for St Louis Cardinals quit after coach and players spoke of killing gay people Tyler Dunnington was a 28th-round pick by the St Louis Cardinals in the 2014 Major League Baseball draft and given a chance to pursue his dream of being in the big leagues. But after just one season pitching for a Cardinals minor league team and performing solidly, Dunnington quit. He explains that during his playing days, he was a closeted gay man playing in an uncomfortable environment. A particular low point came when a coach made a bragging reference to the brutal murder in Wyoming of gay college student Matthew Shepard whose death led to federal hate crime legislation in the US. And the hate goes on and on and on....You need fight back! It's a shame all those "big strong men" are afraid of what somebody does in private!!
Is here anyone from Glendale, Arizona? WE NEED YOU! HELP US to protect the memory of the victims of hate! Last week on Friday, May Kieu and Dorothy Dutiel, both 15-year-old sophomores at Independence High School in Glendale, each died of a single gunshot wound about 8 a.m. just outside the school's cafeteria. The girls were a couple. Police are calling it a murder-suicide. This heart-breaking incident is all over the news and the comments are disgusting! Homophobes use the incident as a proof that homo love is a sin! This is just ignorance! Two children died and people are grieving! How would you feel if strangers came to your neighborhood or your school to push their agenda? These assholes are just aggravating the situation and traumatizing other KIDS! If you live in Glendale, Arizona, please, come and support us today: 6602 N 75th Ave,Glendale, AZ 85303. LET'S STAND UP AGAINST BIGOTRY! If you are not from Glendale, please, SHARE this post! Let people know we support them! P.S. please, send us photos from the event.
Is here anyone from Glendale, Arizona? WE NEED YOU! HELP US to protect the memory of the victims of hate! Last week on Friday, May Kieu and Dorothy Dutiel, both 15-year-old sophomores at Independence High School in Glendale, each died of a single gunshot wound about 8 a.m. just outside the school's cafeteria. The girls were a couple. Police are calling it a murder-suicide. This heart-breaking incident is all over the news and the comments are disgusting! Homophobes use the incident as a proof that homo love is a sin! This is just ignorance! Two children died and people are grieving! How would you feel if strangers came to your neighborhood or your school to push their agenda? These assholes are just aggravating the situation and traumatizing other KIDS! If you live in Glendale, Arizona, please, come and support us today: 6602 N 75th Ave, Glendale, AZ 85303. LET'S STAND UP AGAINST BIGOTRY! If you are not from Glendale, please, SHARE this post! Let people know we support them! P.S. please, send us photos from the event.
Most parents aren't prepared for the words, "Mom, Dad. I'm gay." For many parents first reaction probably will be "How will I ever handle this?" The answer is simple and difficult at the same time: love and acceptance will help to understand your child's sexuality and its meaning to you and your continued relationship with your son or daughter. Some parents feel they would have been happier not knowing about their child's sexuality. They look back to before they knew and recall this time as problem-free - overlooking the distance they often felt from their child during that time. Sometimes parents try to deny what is happening - by rejecting what they're hearing ("It's just a phase; you'll get over it"); by shutting down ("If you choose that lifestyle, I don't want to hear about it"); or by not registering the impact of what we're being told ("That's nice, dear, and what do you want for dinner?"). Such denial often prove as a traumatizing experience for LGBT children. If you as a parent 'II pretend to forgot the truth about your child's sexuality, you would never really know your child. A large part of his or her life would be kept secret from you, and you would never really know the whole person. It is important to accept and understand your child's sexuality because homosexuality and bisexuality are not a phase. While people may experiment for some time with their sexuality, someone who has reached the point of telling a parent that he or she is gay is not usually going through "a phase". On the contrary, he or she has given long and hard thought to understanding and acknowledging his or her sexual orientation. So if you're wondering, "Is she/he sure?" the answer will almost always be "yes"! DON'T BE YOUR CHILD'S FIRST CLOSET! #children #lgbt #momdadimgay #gayisok #comingout #acceptance
SOLDIER SHANE. Recently Pentagon confirmed plan to lift ban on transgender military service. Let's meet the big player in repealing the ban. Sergeant Shane Ortega, 28, doesn't stand out or appear out of the ordinary among his fellow Army soldiers. But there's one thing that differs him from the bulk of troops. Shane is the first openly trans soldier of the US Army. He's astonishingly handsome, he works out constantly (check out his muscular build), he covered in tattoos, he's part black, Latino and Cherokee, he's obsessed with his girlfriend (a former model and aspiring doctor); and he gets giddy talking about both video games and chopping wood in Alaska. Yet despite his solid performance and commitment to serve, SGT Ortega has been at risk of getting kicked out of the Army because in official Army paperwork, he is identified as a woman. But the real warriors never surrender! Ortega struggled for the equal rights for the transgender people in the military. And he succeeded! America's military progressing slowly towards inclusion and equal opportunity. Let's hope that these changes'll ensure peace, instead of waging more war. #Igbt #transgender #equality #usarmy #Ortega
Dykes On Bikes birthday is in July! Dykes on bikes is a chartered lesbian motorcycle club with 22 chapters and numerous affiliations, founded back in 1976. They are known for their participation in gay pride events such as Pride parades, and significant LGBT events like the international Gay Games. Dykes on Bikes have been leading marches such as Gay pride parades, Gay Games events and protests. The Dyke March events are generally non-commercial, often in sharp contrast to corporate-sponsored pride events, and are usually inclusive of lesbian, bi, and trans women. Leading pride parades around the world from San Francisco to Melbourne, Paris, London, Tokyo, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney,Zurich, Tel Aviv, you name it! #DykesOnBikes #DOB #lesbian #dyke #Igbt #prideparade
Please ... STOP DISCRIMINATION AGAINST HOMOSEXUAL TEACHERS!! After eight years on the job, Margie Winters was fired as director of religious education at Waldron Mercy Academy outside Philadelphia not because she just married her wife, but because some parents just found out that she's been married for all eight years. Unfortunately LGBT teachers have long understood that openly expressing their identity in school can make them an easy target for discrimination. It is the biggest mistake! When students perceive that they're not supposed to talk about homosexuality, they conclude that there must be something wrong about being gay. And it's a dangerous message that can lead to bullying and harassment. Gay teachers need to serve as example for kids! It's very powerful both for straight students and for LGBT students to know that they have teachers and people they respect who are LGBT and who are good at their jobs. It's important for all students to see that nothing to be ashamed! And it must be illegal for employers to discriminate against employees based on their actual or perceived sexual orientation!
When this triumphant yearbook entry was published
This man is great example of human filth and lies!! Rape children!?! Really?! Are you nuts?! Louisiana Justice Refuses To Obey Supreme Court, Writes Opinion Implying Gay People Rape Their Children Raising children and starting a family is something that all people look forward to in life! We are just people, not criminals! AND WE LOVE CHILDREN, NOT RAPE!! We are all equal! It is better for child to live with homosexual parents then to live on the street or in orphanage! Millions of children need love and they don't care if our love is different. Why should we let those children that are left on the streets be on the streets when a warm and open home are open to them?! I don't understand!!
The greatest legacy one can pass on to one's children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one's life, but rather a legacy of character and faith. Love your children and have a good day!
I wish all parents were like this
Homophobic nurse tries to discourage birth mom from allowing gay couple to adopt child While the birth mother was resting with the baby, Andy and his partner took a break from the hospital to get some food. When they returned, they had a flurry of phone messages from the mother, crying and urging them to get back soon. A nurse had been questioning her about her decision to let a gay couple adopt her baby. "Aren't you afraid those boys are gonna hurt that baby? Aren't you afraid that he's not gonna grow up and be normal?" asked the nurse. Excuse me who the hell is she?! This bigot is forcing her views onto the mother, because she doesn't think the baby would grow up "normal"? A mother who's making the difficult decision to place her son up for adoption, and a wonderful couple who wants to raise that child. What the hell right does the nurse have to try to stop that? I hope they fire her. I'm happy for the Gay couple on becoming parents!
Nature chooses who will be transgender; individuals don't choose this We received a letter ... the history of life ... «Hello! Just wanted to see if you could share my coming out as trans story on your page. I have been on a long, rough journey to this point and I think my story could help younger trans youth see that no matter how bad it gets it always gets better. I would really appreciate this because I want to become someone who inspires the LGBT community to be themselves! Ever since I was little, I knew I was different. I wasn't like any of the other kids. I had a unique way of thinking and often that left me isolated. Something I still feel the sting of today. Unlike most boys who played with Spiderman and Superman action figures when they were little, I played with barbies ... I wanted to look like them. I wanted to be them. It felt right playing with these dolls. I had to hide when I did it though because even at an early age, I knew boys weren't supposed to play with dolls. Once I had gotten got caught by my grandmother's ex husband and he told me to put them away and stop being a sissy .... " Please spend 5 minutes to read this letter ... it is very important just to be heart ... Thank you for your brave act! You are a true hero! Please share your stories and photos .... Inspire us and others!
Homophobic nurse tries to discourage birth mom from allowing gay couple to adopt child While the birth mother was resting with the baby, Andy and his partner took a break from the hospital to get some food. When they returned, they had a flurry of phone messages from the mother, crying and urging them to get back soon. A nurse had been questioning her about her decision to let a gay couple adopt her baby. "Aren't you afraid those boys are gonna hurt that baby? Aren't you afraid that he's not gonna grow up and be normal?" asked the nurse. Excuse me who the hell is she?! This bigot is forcing her views onto the mother, because she doesn't think the baby would grow up "normal"? A mother who's making the difficult decision to place her son up for adoption, and a wonderful couple who wants to raise that child. What the hell right does the nurse have to try to stop that? I hope they fire her. I'm happy for the Gay couple on becoming parents!
"People can tolerate two homosexuals they see leaving together, but the next day they're smiling, holding hands, tenderly embracing one another, then they cannot be forgiven. It is not the departure for pleasure that is unacceptable, it is waking up happy." -Michel Foucault, philosopher and social critic. #lgbt #homophobia #Foucault #society #queerquote
Fellow Texans! It's time to say a strong NO to the establishment robbers. It is unacceptable for us to see them ruin all we've been building for decades. For centuries. The establishment thinks they can treat us like stupid sheep but they are wrong. We won't put up with this anymore. The corrupt media does not talk about the crimes committed by Killary Rotten Clinton, neither does it mention the leaked emails but it would rather keep on kicking around some outdated tapes featuring Trump. Even Republicans are now offering her a victory by renouncing their nominee. What is this if not treason? No, no, no. We are free citizens of Texas and we've had enough of this cheap show on the screen. We're ready to prove our commitment to liberty, low taxes and gun rights. If Trump wins, there will be a possibility to secede peacefully but not without tension. What will happen if Hitlery becomes President? Higher taxes to feed undocumented aliens. More refugees, mosques, and terrorist attacks. Banned guns. Continuing economic depression. Let's remind them what Texas is made of and show that we're ready to SECEDE! Use our page to team up with other locals. Invite your friends and family, spread the word and let's make this effort together! Get Ready to Secede!
Fellow Texans! It's time to say a strong NO to the establishment robbers. It is unacceptable for us to see them ruin all we've been building for decades. For centuries. The establishment thinks they can treat us like stupid sheep but they are wrong. We won't put up with this anymore. The corrupt media does not talk about the crimes committed by Killary Rotten Clinton, neither does it mention the leaked emails but it would rather keep on kicking around some outdated tapes featuring Trump. Even Republicans are now offering her a victory by renouncing their nominee. What is this if not treason? No, no, no. We are free citizens of Texas and we've had enough of this cheap show on the screen. We're ready to prove our commitment to liberty, low taxes and gun rights. If Trump wins, there will be a possibility to secede peacefully but not without tension. What will happen if Hitlery becomes President? Higher taxes to feed undocumented aliens. More refugees, mosques, and terrorist attacks. Banned guns. Continuing economic depression. Let's remind them what Texas is made of and show that we're ready to SECEDE! Use our page to team up with other locals. Invite your friends and family, spread the word and let's make this effort together! Get Ready to Secede!
Fellow Texans! It's time to say a strong NO to the establishment robbers. It is unacceptable for us to see them ruin all we've been building for decades. For centuries. The establishment thinks they can treat us like stupid sheep but they are wrong. We won't put up with this anymore. The corrupt media does not talk about the crimes committed by Killary Rotten Clinton, neither does it mention the leaked emails but it would rather keep on kicking around some outdated tapes featuring Trump. Even Republicans are now offering her a victory by renouncing their nominee. What is this if not treason? No, no, no. We are free citizens of Texas and we've had enough of this cheap show on the screen. We're ready to prove our commitment to liberty, low taxes and gun rights. If Trump wins, there will be a possibility to secede peacefully but not without tension. What will happen if Hitlery becomes President? Higher taxes to feed undocumented aliens. More refugees, mosques, and terrorist attacks. Banned guns. Continuing economic depression. Let's remind them what Texas is made of and show that we're ready to SECEDE! Use our page to team up with other locals. Invite your friends and family, spread the word and let's make this effort together! Get Ready to Secede!
What a beautiful and intelligent child she is. How magnificent is her mind... What a beautiful and intelligent child she is. How magnificent...
Police brutality in America gone crazy. But America is too busy bombing countries in the Middle East.
Police brutality in America gone crazy. But America is too busy bombing countries in the Middle East.
Only mom can jump in the conversation and resolve the argument between father and daughter and finally settle on the proper way to count. Only mom can jump in the conversation and resolve the argument. ..
repost
When you leave your baby girl alone with her father, that's what happens. When you leave your baby girl alone with her father, that's wh...
No child should grow with an unhealthy sense of self-esteem. Be proud of who you are!
We should more often expose our children to positive cultural traditions. We should more often expose our children to positive cultural ...
They marinated their lives in coconut oil.
Let's be real. Our hair is always political.
Practicing the big sister skills. Practicing the big sister skills.
repost
repost
repost
r e p o s t -
Where is the outcry over children killed by U.S? I guess I should shut my mouth before I wind up missing...
THOUGHT WE DIDN'T HAVE MONEY TO DO SIMPLE THINGS SUCH AS FIXING A TOWN'S WATER SUPPLY AND PIPES BUT CAN BOMB COUNTRIES LIKE WE TAKE SHITS.
Recent US-led coalition strike in Syria's Raqqa province has killed 12 Syrian women. The second coalition strike killed a further 23 Syrian civilians. The US bombed Syria because of political regime, that American government believes is torturing people. Well, we are so thankful that Syria didn't bomb America for poisoning children in Flint and gassing natives at Standing Rock.
repost
Tag a great dad and break the dangerous myth of the'missing black fathers'
repost
repost
All it takes is to believe.
Don't believe stereotypes. Don't believe the media.
Ifs not flesh and blood. But the heart which makes us fathers and sons.
Watch this baby drama. This child's great escape is hilarious. Watch this baby drama. This child's great escape is hilarious.
repost
You won't stop laughing if you watch this video. #FatherDaughterTalk
Black Power Puff Girls. Justice must be served! By any means necessary!
This incredibly talented and adorable little boy created his own melody at the age of ONE!
Make sure you guide your children and motivate them.
Listen to what this kid just said. The role of adults in children's life is very important. Adults need to set the example for kids.
This powerful message is worth sharing with the world! Click to get one: https:Hgoo.gl/1 E7kWU
When your mom sends you to shoot a hair tutorial so she can have a few minutes of peace. When your mom sends you to shoot a hair tutorial so she can ha... www.facebook.com
When ballet dancers can mix modern dance and ballet. When ballet dancers can mix modern dance and ballet.
Bye Felicia
Absolutely stunning child.
Meet these beautiful lawyers The organization was created to motivate women to in meaningful legal careers.
Remember folks, dance and music is a large part of our culture. Remember folks, dance and music is a large part of our culture.
"RUNNING INTO DADDY'S ARMS A LOT EASIER" Meet this little 2-year-old angel -Recently, she received her 1st Runners Blade. We can't wait to see what you do next, little one.
Growing up dark skinned in America is not an easy task to do. Tell your children that they represent a rainbow of beautiful shades, that make them special.
Anyways, nobody is listening to us.
Anyways, nobody is listening to us.
Anyways, nobody is listening to us.
Dear cop , please stop using our children for publicity stunts.
Dear cop, please stop using our children for publicity stunts.
Look at this beautiful four generation photo. Such a blessing.
It's should bean official terminology.
Just because dads are the best friends.
Goals! Congrats to these two!
You will never have to tell a real man how to be "the one"
"I wish you are still alive to see what America has turn to"
It's beautiful when you grow together
Go well beyond profiling
You won't see this image circulating on social media, because it's too positive for America.
Your ignorance is their power. Knowledge is your power. Grab it and use it right.
She just beat it.
Repost
When ballet dancers can mix modern dance and ballet. When ballet dancers can mix modern dance and ballet.
Art imitates life art. This photo is great.
Share this image, because it will never make it to the mainstream media.
When ballet dancers can mix modern dance and ballet. When ballet dancers can mix modern dance and ballet.
Americalnstotus
Americalnstotus
If you don't want refugees, stop creating them! Hands off Syria! Please, come out to support us on June 3rd in front of Trump Tower in New York. We must stop this madness! Some believed Trump would withdraw the U.S. from useless and bloody military campaigns. But what we see is only the enhancement of hostility. We don't need wars no more! We want peace! It's time for politicians to take care of the U.S. residents instead of fating them, as well as other nationals, to death. We're organizing a peaceful gathering to draw public attention to the above- mentioned terrible problem. Our President and Congress must listen to those who granted them power - us, the people. If you also think that there should only be peace, come with us and let's make it happen. Stop war! Stop killing the innocent! Make peace, not war! Make peace, not war!
More than 2,000 illegal aliens commit sex assaults every year in Texas alone. Americans would really feel safer, if the government closes the borders and deports all illegal aliens.
1 bet most of Americans don't want to pay for illegal aliens that get more welfare benefits than U.S. citizens. And if the people are only source of power, according to the Constitution of the United States of America, why does the government not deport all illegal aliens yet?
It's wrong if you support Hillary Clinton, who said that problems within the Veterans Affairs Department have "not been as widespread." Hundreds of thousands of veterans may have died awaiting VA care. WE CANNOT TRUST HILLARY TO TAKE CARE OF OUR VETERANS!
Stop police terror with us! Join need to unite!
Did you see this? Damn... We lost count of how many mentally ill citizens were murdered during encounters with violent cops. Here is another woman suffering from mental illness. Full story: http://bit.ly/10rglhk
We run this community because we care...
We run this community because we care...
We run this community because we care...
It's not about who is "good" and "bad" it's about what is right!
It's not about who is "good" and "bad" it's about what is right!
It's not about who is "good" and "bad" it's about what is right!
Who is ready to do the same in any public place during the weekends ?? We really need to stop Islamophobia and the fear of Muslims, and change that false image about us, it's everybody's duty...
The time has come to understand one simple thing: we the American muslims are as American Support Hillary. Save American Muslims!
The safety, freedom, and dignity of all people must be safeguarded. Terrorism and anti-Mus Safe Space for Muslim Neighborhood
The safety, freedom, and dignity of all people must be safeguarded. Terrorism and anti-Mus Safe Space for Muslim Neighborhood
The safety, freedom, and dignity of all people must be safeguarded. Terrorism and anti-Mus Safe Space for Muslim Neighborhood
Our existence is being threatened by a race that sees itself'masters over our melanin, but dear Strong Black Men, the system and racism got re-engaged so we have no choice but to fight back, anyway, anyhow! Follow blackmattersus.
oh
Fed up with police violence? Wanna stop police brutality? Join us! Cop Block Us( @cop Block AmericanCops
BlackMatters is a nonprofit news outlet that delivers raw and original information on the most urgent issues important to the African-American community in America. Join us!
We are looking for brave people who are ready to help our movement, who are creative and active, if you are one of such people, just let us know! Comment below or DM !
I didn't believe the media. SO I BECAME ONE. Follow!
O000ps seems like someone screwed up! Salute our brave and smart cops who mistake man's member for a deadly weapon. Follow US and stay WOKE!
She's not even hot
Either We Together or We Ain't!
How did he even get in the train
He looks like the guy from Toy Story 2
Grooms don't throw a bouquet they throw the garter
Who else liked it just because the girl was fine as hell
Who else liked it just because the girl was fine as hell
Who else liked it just because the girl was fine as hell
Who else liked it just because the girl was fine as hell
Right after the dick sucking competition
As long as he has candy, I'd be fine with it
Me IRL
Word!
Welcome to America!
When you have a Bentley steering wheel In a Jeep.
I will evolve into my feline form.
I was blasting the pokemon theme song from my car, driving to the park to look for pokemon.
What a savage
Unless payer 2 is top screen, then exceptions are made.
Been there done that
Parenting goals
Think of all little boys and girls who can lose or have already lost their fathers ... God bless our troops! We are forever grateful! Home of the Brave. Support our Veterans! Please, repost if you like and don't forget to tag me! Follow the link. Veterans USA Funnylnst
No sleep, grades are struggling, flat broke, stressed to the max. Homesick, just done adulting. That's basically everything you feel after your first year of college.
Sunday Bunday
Then they ask u to stay late...
My girl
My girl
Reverse your camera and then zoom in
Hulk got his cousin pregnant
Bu but but this is a guy
Fuck, if I found a wild Charizard I'd stop too
If she didn't get the reference, she's not worth your time.
But. .. But he's Asian
Null
Cheers to the actual heroes that protect and serve communities all over America and the world. Cop Block Us( @cop Block AmericanCops
Hello, friends! Enjoy us daily! All the funniest memes and actual news. Nuts News (@nuts.news) Funnylnst
Hello friends! Enjoy us daily! All the funniest memes and actual news. Click Learn More! Nuts News (@nuts.news) Funnylnst
Confederate page #1 on Instagram! Follow, comment, repost! Click Learn More! South United( @south Yoyoyoyoyo
Defend southern heritage! Follow instagram south united and get last news, history articles and even more! Click Learn more! South United Yoyoyoyoyo
Defend southern heritage! Follow instagram south united and get last news, history articles and even more! Click Learn more! South United Yoyoyoyoyo
Click to Learn More! Everybody knows that Islam is against terrorism but not everyone believes this fact! Islam does not support terrorism under any circumstances. Terrorism goes against every principle in Islam. In fact if a Muslim engages in terrorism, he is not following Islam and so he is not a Muslim! America, stop insulting peaceful citizens, stop taking all of us as criminals, we don't deserve such attitude! #muslimvoice #muslim @muslim Voice • Musliminst
Christmas is coming !We're sure that you won't be able to find a better present than a gun! Don't believe us? Just try once and you'll understand what we're talking about! Gun power, self-confidence, freedom! Tea Party News( @tea Teapartypat
Christmas is coming !We're sure that you won't be able to find a better present than a gun! Don't believe us? Just try once and you'll understand what we're talking about! Gun power, self-confidence, freedom! Tea Party News( @tea Teapartypat
Christmas is coming !We're sure that you won't be able to find a better present than a gun! Don't believe us?Just try once and you'll understand what we're talking about! Gun power, self-confidence, freedom! Tea Party News @tea Teapartypat
Do you support Trump? Wanna #MakeAmericaGreatAgain? Wanna see your kid on our account? Take pictures, make videos, send them to us via DM or tag #KIDS4TRUMP and we'll make a patriotic team of young Trump supporters here! I'm sure it'll be great! It would be nice if you tell us why your kid supports Donald Trump and what are his or her thoughts about #Elections2016. Let's have some fun! Don't stay aside! Tea Party News (@tea Teapartypat
Do you support Trump? Wanna #MakeAmericaGreatAgain? Wanna see your kid on our account? Take pictures, make videos, send them to us via DM or tag #KIDS4TRUMP and we'll make a patriotic team of young Trump supporters here! I'm sure it'll be great! It would be nice if you tell us why your kid supports Donald Trump and what are his or her thoughts about #Elections2016. Let's have some fun! Don't stay aside! Tea Party News (@tea Teapartypat
Do you support Trump? Wanna #MakeAmericaGreatAgain? Wanna see your kid on our account? Take pictures, make videos, send them to us via DM or tag #KIDS4TRUMP and we'll make a patriotic team of young Trump supporters here! I'm sure it'll be great! It would be nice if you tell us why your kid supports Donald Trump and what are his or her thoughts about #Elections2016. Let's have some fun! Don't stay aside! Tea Party News Teapartypat
Do you support Trump? Wanna #MakeAmericaGreatAgain? Wanna see your kid on our account? Take pictures, make videos, send them to us via DM or tag #KIDS4TRUMP and we'll make a patriotic team of young Trump supporters here! I'm sure it'll be great! It would be nice if you tell us why your kid supports Donald Trump and what are his or her thoughts about #Elections2016. Let's have some fun! Don't stay aside! Tea Party News Teapartypat
Do you support Trump? Wanna #MakeAmericaGreatAgain? Wanna see your kid on our account? Take pictures, make videos, send them to us via DM or tag #KIDS4TRUMP and we'll make a patriotic team of young Trump supporters here! I'm sure it'll be great! It would be nice if you tell us why your kid supports Donald Trump and what are his or her thoughts about #Elections2016. Let's have some fun! Don't stay aside! Tea Party News Teapartypat
Salaams! American Muslims are facing hard challenges in the post-9/11 world. Follow muslim voice to learn more about the most peaceful religion on Earth. Join the discussions over political, social and religious issues. Be the voice!
This is the community which unites all the muslims who live in the US. We all are children of the Middle East. It's time to unite!
This is the way our children have to be raised. It's not the promotion of violence. It's the promotion of confidence and the ability to defend yourself. Follow us if this video makes you proud!
This is the community which unites all the muslims who live in the US. We all are children of the Middle East. It's time to unite! @muslim Voice• Muslim Inst
This is the community which unites all the muslims who live in the US. We all are children of the Middle East. It's time to unite! @muslim Voice• Muslim Inst
I want Americans and Europeans understand and ask to feel the difference between terrorists and faithful Muslim! Click Learn More! @muslim Voice• Muslim Inst
This is the community which unites all the Muslims who live in the US. Click Learn More! @muslim Voice -
THANK YOU to all those who risked their life for the sake of our country! Click Learn More! Baltimore News Balt
Support those who protect you. Pro-police. Anti-criminal. Stop the war on our police.Press 'learn more' to step behind this thin blue line! Support The Police Libelibe
Null
New York. 18-19 Feb. 11:00. Meet at Dag Hammarskjold Plaza on 47 street.
NEW YORK: 18, 19 Feb! Protest with us at the UN! Charge America with genocide & human rights violations!
Due to the town of Twin falls, Idaho, becoming a center of refugee resettlement, which led Citizens before refugees
Your thoughts?
Congrats! This is amazing! You see, our people succeed in everything. Support each other and never give up.
Possible.
Crown her
Gorgeous: Strength is your power!
So cute! This is life literally. Never too much hair.
Please let me look this good when I get older.
This is just precious. Absolutely the best feeling ever!
They might party hard and stay up late, but they graduate:
That's great! This young man invents it to help his people. Why don't we do more? If a child can make a difference with impact, what is stopping us?
Well done! I live for the sake of such exalted moments.
That's amazing! Well done, lil lady!
Well, you'll be in great hands with these Queens.
That's dope! Proud of them.
Understand more.
This is so cute! Made my eyes water a bit. Support each other!
Awesome! Way better than winning a race.
Her eyes are soul piercing!
Royalty.
Graduation is one the most important days of your life and you may need some ways to make your natural Black hair look gorgeous. Graduation is one the most important days of your life and you may need some ways to make your natural Black hair look gorgeous. Wearing Your Natural Black Hair At Graduation I BlackMattersUS.com blackmattersus.com
Aww! Because you need such a cutie on your timeline!
Congratulations, beautiful Queens! You can achieve any goals if you really believe in yourself. Just motivate yourself.
The circle of life. The beginning and the ending. Love this image so much!
Dope! Let's make this viral.
Work to reach your goals! This is how we achieve greatness.
Awesome job Iii man! That's how you keep the love for good music going.
Incredible! This is a very rare occurrence considering the parents and two other children are black.
Good question. Let's make it go viral.
Our ladies are making strides in whatever they touch.
Wow! I like this version better!
Like and share
Absolutely stunning little baby girl with a beautiful smile straight from the heart! Children with special needs matter!
Just a daily reminder for those who doubt. Yes you are and don't forget it!
Absolutely gorgeous! I hope I look that great when I'm 101.
This is so true and amazing!
Cuteness overload
Dope. Let's make this go viral!
Delicious! Just a chocolate drop for your timeline.
However you look at it, the similarity is obvious.
Did you know?
She is amazing! The strength of our girls is a legend.
Proud moments! Preschool , High School and College Grad! Congrats!
That's deep.
Like if you think the 70s were awesome:
She slays! Such an incredible Beauty!
This made my heart melt
We're proud to announce an initiative focused on providing free legal education to empower our people and strengthen our community. We believe that having these legal workshops on a monthly basis will prove to be beneficial in a tangible way for our community Meet at Charlotte. NC Legal Night at
The US-led coalition strike in Syria's Raqqa province killed 12 women, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said this morning. The second coalition strike on a town near the Iraqi border killed 23 more civilians. Just to make it clear: our government is proposing spending cuts to most government agencies to pay for large increases in military, and everything we got from this is more and more civilians deaths. EPA, State and other development programs, Agriculture, Labor, Justice, Health and Human Services, Education, and many other domestic agencies faced more than 20% cuts in their budgets, and only the Department of Defense has grown by 10%. However, terrorists weren't destroyed in '30 days' and it seems like they won't be destroyed in the closest perspective. I mentioned before, and I will do it again: this is not a war against terrorism or a war 'for freedom', it's another example of money conflict, filling politician's pockets with blood money is the main goal of it. For America, another continuous military conflict can lead to a financial crisis, this is exactly what happened in 2008.
Exactly. And, I also mind that you use some of your vast wealth to elect politicians who will pass laws to allow you to avoid paying your fair share of taxes.
Exactly. And, I also mind that you use some of your vast wealth to elect politicians who will pass laws to allow you to avoid paying your fair share of taxes.
If you also think that there should only be peace, come with us on June, 3 and let's make it happen. Stop war! Stop killing the innocent! Some believed Trump would withdraw the U.S. from useless and bloody military campaigns. But what we see is only the enhancement of hostility. We don't need wars no more! We want peace! It's time for politicians to take care of the U.S. residents instead of fating them, as well as other nationals, to death. We're organizing a peaceful gathering to draw public attention to the above-mentioned terrible problem. Our President and Congress must listen to those who granted them power - us, the people. If you also think that there should only be peace, come with us and let's make it happen. Stop war! Stop killing the innocent! Make peace, not war! Make peace, not war!
Even though Syrian refugees make America great, America must stop bombing Syria and other Middle East countries!
If you also think that there should only be peace, come with us and let's make it happen. Stop war! Stop killing the innocent! Some believed Trump would withdraw the U.S. from useless and bloody military campaigns. But what we see is only the enhancement of hostility. We don't need wars no more! We want peace! It's time for politicians to take care of the U.S. residents instead of fating them, as well as other nationals, to death. We're organizing a peaceful gathering to draw public attention to the above- mentioned terrible problem. Our President and Congress must listen to those who granted them power - us, the people. If you also think that there should only be peace, come with us and let's make it happen. Stop war! Stop killing the innocent! Make peace, not war! Make peace, not war!
STOP BOMBING SYRIA!!!
Everyone needs family. At least one day a year! #blackexcellence #blackperfection #blackbeauty #blackbusiness #africanamerican #blackcommunity #melanin #blackpride #blackout #america #usa #blackscience #education #diversity #halloween
I guess social issues such as police brutality is not a priority for American politicians.
These girls did a very good job for Halloween.
Teach your children to be powerful and persistent like our ancestors.
Mexicans are known for their masculinity and militancy, as many wars in the past say. That's why the US often offers Mexicans to join the armed forces, in exchange for what they promise to give American citizenship. In this regard, Mexicans are often sent to the war zone in Syria or other countries, from where they sometimes do not return. Many Mexicans have to go for it, as today the process of obtaining American citizenship can last for years and even dozens of years. The US policy towards Mexicans is becoming increasingly brutal, therefore, it is necessary to stop any attempts by the US government to send Mexicans to the war zones, where they fight for any unknown goals.
The Senate of the U.S. Congress approved a bill that seriously broadens the scope of combat operations of the U.S. Armed Forces. According to this bill, the U.S. will send far more soldiers to Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Afghanistan and similar countries. Since thousands of Mexican have served in the U.S. Army, this law should never be implemented. Mexican soldiers shouldn't die in vain for the sake of foreign political ambitions.
Couldn't have said it better.
Don't forget to thank who's really responsible for your meal today
LIKE for all the Mexican, Salvadorian, Guatemalan, Honduran, Nicaraguan & Immigrant dads!
Jose Mujica does what a real president should do
What everyone should remember
Perfect example of how not to teach your children
More than 100,000 children and teens have crossed the U.S-Mexico border in the past five years and their talents will benefit this country in the future
Mexican girls are the best
In Mexico, they are called that. Your thoughts?
Your mom knows what to do
"People think of Chicana women as being fiery and fierce, which is usually true. But I think the quality that so many Chicana possess is strength." - Zoe Saldana
Being a cool Chicano from birth!
Raise your children with respect to our roots!
True tattoo art
Are you ready to protect your community?
An immigration judge has ordered an Army veteran from Chicago, who served two tours of duty, to be deported. His name is Miguel Perez and he is Chicano in every sense of the word. Perez moved to Chicago when he was 8-years- old and was a permanent legal resident. He joined the U.S. Army and served two tours of duty in Afghanistan where he suffered a brain injury in an explosion. Perez served seven years; but because he is not a U.S. citizen, Immigration Customs Enforcement detained him, stripped his legal status and began the deportation process. This system doesn't appreciate our sacrifices. America was designed that way it will only benefit gringos. Miguel Perez is a real hero, who was betrayed by America. When will we have real justice in this country?
Like if you say hello as same
What your books won't tell you
We came here not to build borders and separate but to build bridges and unite!
We didn't cross the border, the border crossed us.
Immigrants aren't stealing jobs, you're just lazy.
Amen for Mexico!
Mexicas have solution to everything!
Mexican American children wearing native costumes by Escondido Public Library
Everyone likes gossips
Originals
Verde. Blanco, rojol
Everyone has the right to life, regardless of social status.
I remember those days.
Just because we speak Espanol doesn't make us Hispanic.
Every dream can come real. Never give up! Source: -
This costume is dreamy... so much reminds me of a stained glass spiral window!
Adelita - only one of the many badass women warriors
My every Saturdays morning
It may sound like nonsense, but it's a cruel truth ...
"This was the day of my high school graduation day 06-07-2015. My father was not there to see me walk and receive my diploma. That day he was working like every other day of the week. He works in agricultural farming, I am a Latina, my parents are Latinos working for the American dream. I had to go to him so he can see all his hard work paying off. Giving him my proof of what he has taught me. Your words don't have nothing against his sweat." Repost
My grandma was exactly like this!
What is your type and why?
Like if you remember your school cholosl
Embracing the Chicano culture and spreading it around is our great goal! From the both sides of the borders we come from the same ancient cultural background that was strong enough to survive the seizure of our indigenous lands of the Aztlan. To those, who enters foreign territories there are some ways of keeping our children safe. Some parents choose a dual citizenship for their kids, to keep protect them if anything happens. This is a way to go!
Stop using this word for god's sake
Do you like zoot suit style?
La Raza League
Mictlantecuhtli, the Aztec god of death
Speaks volumes
I'll just leave this here
What your books won't tell you
Real Mexican-American pride. Respect! FYI: The three largest Hispanic groups in the United States are the Mexican- Americans, Puerto Ricans and Cubans.
Mom is always right
The scariest thing for gabachos - strong and educated Mexican family!
I will just leave it here
Enough said
The most dangerous weapon is an educated Chicano.
This picture is worth a thousand words
Join our fight to save Southern Heritage! God bless Dixie!
Join our fight to save Southern Heritage! God bless Dixie!
Join us in our fight to save Southern Heritage! God bless Dixie!
God bless Dixie!
Heritage not hate. God bless Dixie!
Join us if you know it's just a car, NOT A SYMBOL OF HATE South United
God Bless Dixie! The South will rise again!
God bless Dixie!
Forever grateful!
HILLARY CLINTON CHEATS AMERICAN VETERANS The last time Hillary Clinton had a press conference on veterans' issues was in 2015 and since then all her plans and offers concerning veterans' life improvement were stated only in emails made by her staff. And here are some real Clinton decisions: —Last year, Clinton claimed that the Veterans Administration Scandal had been exaggerated by Republicans. —In 2007, Clinton was one of only 14 senators to vote against a 2007 supplemental appropriations bill that contained $1.8 billion for veterans' medical care. -In 2006, Clinton voted against an amendment that would have added $20 million for veterans' health care facilities. -In 2003, Clinton voted against a budget resolution that called for 113 billion for veterans to receive concurrent disability and retirement benefits." In other words, Hillary Clinton is one of the politicians who are to blame for the poor social condition of our veterans. She has systematically ignored the issue and even voted against providing veterans with financial aid which they need so bad! Hardly will she change her mind on the issue if she is elected. Clinton poses a direct threat to the American veterans' society, but still practically no one raises these concerns. Think twice before voting for her!
"You got money for war but can't feed the poor'
"You got money for war but can't feed the poor"
Just think about it. Very powerful message.
What teamwork looks like!
What a great friendship!
So beautiful and powerful! Never forget your roots!
OMG she looks like their sister!
Relationship goals!
Repost
This is so right!
The darker the berry, the sweeter the juice. Like if you agree!
This little King is so cute but yet serious. Looks like a future Mr. President. Show him some love and support.
Black Americans have really different problems to face no white American can ever experience in his own life. We have the same problems in our communities after the presidential elections as we had before. So, give no attention to what you are told by the media. Get down to your own business. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WilliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comJWilliams8kalvin The truth about black and white problems
Let's make it go viral! Like and share!
Agree!
The more people see this, the better chances are the princess is back home. Please. share.
Black people, we should be brave in our fight for justice. We should be fearless in our fight for our freedom. We should not back down and give up for the future of these little ones will be determined by how well we fight today. #blackexcellence #PanAfricanism #BlackNationalism #BlackEmpowerment #African Empowerment #AfricanAndProud #BlackAndProud #BlackPride #BlackPower #BlackLivesMatter #Amerikkka #UnapologeticaIIyBlack #UnapologeticallyAfrican #BlacklnAmerica #BlacklsBeautiful #KnowThySelf #KnowledgeOfSelf #KnowledgeOfSelflsANationaIity #EconomicEmpowerment #Integration Failed #WhiteLiesMatter #Education #African Unification #AfricanUnity #BlackLove #JusticeOrElse #ProBlack #Regrann #blackexcellence
"You don't have to be a man to fight for freedom. All you have to do is to be an intelligent human being." - Malcolm X ?? #melaninqueen #dope #beautiful #wakeup #wewillsurvive #organize #WillSims #joshuabeal #altonsterling #TerenceCrutcher #westandtogether #blacklivesmatter #unite4justice #november8 #elections2016 #black #melanin #blackisbeautiful #blacklivesmatter #blackgirlmagic #USA #blackandproud #democrat #republican #Africanamerican #unite4justice #vote #breakingnews
This is exactly what i have been trying to tell y'all. Your vote should be precious to y'all cus its your power to put another person in authority over you, your freedom, your daily life and your safety. To most people, it's about just going out to vote, if you did just that because you want to, well done, if you didn't, aka #BOYCOTT just like me, you also got your reasons. BUT, let those reasons be genuine! Let them be your reasons, not influenced upon or manipulated in any way. I'm proud of this mama not because she didn't vote #Hillary or #Trump, but simply because she did her research, decided for herself, in her interest and the interest of her kids, and voted consciously! I'm glad i choose not to be a part of this whole system. Im proud to be woke
We were all humans until race disconnected us, religion separated us. politics divided us, and wealth classified us.
LIKE if you've ever felt that way!
LIKE if you've ever felt that way!
Yes, they are.
Selena Fact
Respect our labour
Illegals think they are proprietors in America. They think that, since there are so many of them in America, we can't deport them all. So let's show them what American law is capable of, when fully enforced! Let's elect Trump and watch their sorry asses being deported all over Americal
FNX45 and HK45
You feel safe with a gun and even safer when your lady's woke on the 2nd. Protect yourselves!
Fatherhood is a very natural thing 
So lovely girl.
Native beauty.
According to the Correctional Association of New York's most recent statistics, "as of June 2006, 203, 100 women were in state or federal prisons or local jails, just under 10% of the total U.S. prison and jail population"-more than two million. In New York alone, as of January 2008, "2,821 women were incarcerated in New York's prisons-about 4.5% of the state's total prison population of 62,577." "More than 65 percent of women in state prisons and 55 percent of men in state prisons report being parents of children under 18." •"About 64 percent of mothers in state prisons lived with their children before prison, compared to 44 percent of men." •"About 40 percent of women in state prisons were employed fulltime prior to their arrest, compared with 60 percent of men." •"Nearly 30 percent were receiving public assistance before arrest, compared to 8 percent of men. About 37 percent had incomes of less than $600 per month prior to arrest, compared to 28 percent of men." -Real Truth-
Bob Miranda-Boulay, Camp Lejeune Marine reservist, suffers serious health issues after exposure to tainted water. And he's not the only one! Approximately 30,000 Marine Reservists may have suffered the same kind of exposure. Where were the liberals shouting about ecological problems? Why do they care about shutting down the coal industry to avoid mysterious unproved global warming but they don't mind thousands of Americans drinking poisoned water? Neither the VA officials nor our military commanders helped our Marines and now they just feel abandoned. Bob Miranda-Boulay said `I don't count' — that is what our veterans feel. That is not an attitude they deserve. "I wanted to make a difference," Boulay said. "I love my country and I wanted to do the right thing. I wanted to be a Marine." That is a real shame our veterans feel being betrayed by our country leaders.
repost
repost
repost
repost
repost
repost
repost
repost
repost
repost
repost Squad goals
repost
repost
repost
This is Diego. He is crying at the funeral of his teacher Evandro Joao da Silva, who helped him come out of poverty and violence through music.
repost
repost
Whenever I watch it, I smile each time. Thanks for your positivity, Whenever I watch it, I smile each time. Thanks for your posit... www.facebook.com
repost
repost
Repost
repost Don't mess with us.
Null
A message from Muslim American kids to all citizens of the us .. is this how we really want our kids to feel ?
We're proud to announce an initiative focused on providing free legal education to empower our people and strengthen our community. We urge our city to continue to support and defend our immigrant communities and their families. Immigrants and refugees are an integral part of our economy, our cultural and social life. and our future. Join the Legal Night meeting at on March 4. Legal Night at Free legal help for immigrants
We're proud to announce an initiative focused on providing free legal education to empower our people and strengthen our community. We urge our city to continue to support and defend our immigrant communities and their families. Immigrants and refugees are an integral part of our economy, our cultural and social life, and our future. Join the Legal ht meetin at on March 4. Legal Night at i Free legal help for immigrants
We're proud to announce an initiative focused on providing free legal education to empower our people and strengthen our community. We believe that having these legal workshops on a monthly basis will prove to be beneficial in a tangible way for our community Meet you at Charlotte. NC Legal Night at _
He's so strong. It's beautiful. Source:
People should never have to apologise for striving for better lives. Source:
Just keep it real. Repost
This is Juanita, daughter of immigrants. She was raised on a ranch in Mexico and she brought with her those traditions. She has six siblings and she will be the first to graduate from a university. Juanita has worked in the fields to help her family. I had the honour to capture her grad pictures. In the back, you can see her mother working. It made me so happy to see how proud her mother is of her. Y su padre ha de estar muy orgulloso de lo que ella a logrado. Desde el cielo ha de sonrefr y decir "esa es mi Juanita". Source:
I immigrated to the states when I was 5 along with my mother and two older siblings. During elementary, middle school and high school, I fought every obstacle that was thrown my way. When I got to high school I began to take AP classes which led me to create a goal to continue onto higher education. Formal education allowed me to begin a career but most importantly it allowed me to figure out a special side of me. I am so blessed and humbled to be first-generation, undocumented, brown, and a product of the hard work of a single mother. Repost
People really need to understand
Repost
WOW! He didn't let his vitiligo stop him! Repost
Kids learn by parents' example. Give them the good one! Repost from
FREE shooting practice for our subscribers! (Hurry, only 8 packages left!) Dear subscribers, we offer you to gather together and visit shooting range in Gainesville, FL. On we are making an event for our subscribers. Join the event and share it with your friends. First 8 people who will message us will get a FREE 9mm Shooting Package (includes the day pass, a rental handgun, 100 rounds 9mm, 1 target, eye/ear protection if needed . If ou want to get it, just message us Shooting practice at
If you don't break the law, we are told, you have nothing to worry about from cops. Sadly, those who blindly repeat that phrase remain irresponsibly oblivious to the real problem of police abusing innocent people. As a recent ACLU lawsuit shows, being innocent is no guarantee police won't kick in your door, strangle you, beat you, and force you to fill out a false statement. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comNViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/wilIiams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin The truth about how police officers do their job
"...and I'd choose you; in a hundred lifetimes, in a hundred worlds, in any version of reality, I'd find you and I'd choose you." Repost
Repost
Do you want to see real friendship goals? Check out this graduation photo of a soon-to-be college grad with her "Friends with Degrees". Repost from
Null
Amazing orgeous!
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-defense class in N Y .
Get your daily dose of funny conservative memes! Nothing Left
There's no reason to fight the whole government if you are alone. You will die but you can never win. You need people who can stand with you for what you all think is right. Still , can we do this? Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnWiIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin
I pity anyone who has to deal with neighbors in an apartment building. Especially when you have to deal with the complaining and passive- aggressive types. Oh, and let's not forget gentrifiers. Or, as I like to call them, "white migrators." Apparently, instead of knocking on a neighbor's door, people take the easy and passive-aggressive way out and just leave notes instead. But one man wasn't having it. Link: https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/tl.0-9/14572967_1772905896322 988_913778538274424647_n.jpg?oh=9a4945f2582b54297fe1f8f786f297be& oe=5862D508 Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comNViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnVilliams8kalvin
Robert Bentley, Alabama Governor, has decided to reform prison system. This is actually good news? Alabama happens to be one of the nation's poorest states which have led to overcrowd in its prison. The prison system houses 24,000 inmates but it was designed for 13,000.Let me enlighten you a little on how it's going to be done. Four other larger prisons will be built additionally to prevent the rate of overcrowd. Even though one would have taught of using this money for projects like health care facilities and other, he chose prisons. It's not bad though, at least inmates will have free live behind bars. It shows how much he cares for his people. Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin Subscribe to my YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
Expecting mother includes late husband in maternity photo shoot Through the struggles and pains of losing a dear husband. Nicole Bennett has built courage to take maternity photos with her 4-year-old son. She added old photos of late husband Deonta, but they were slightly faded to appear as a spirit — a symbol of hope that he watches over them. She also did this as a memorial for her unborn daughter who is due March 25. We commend her for her boldness and we hope that she finds solace in these photos. #NicoleBernett #Maternityphotoswithlatehusband
It's hard to be black in America, still its even harder to be safe if you are black in America. Black Lives Matter's new app proclaiming no Black person is safe in America is flipping the Facebook Safety Check tool on its head. But if the Facebook service is focused on natural disasters and so on, the BLM App is aimed to provide personal safety of any black American in the racist country he lives. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WilliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin The Truth about Black Lives Matter's new app
Dylan Storm Roof's website hinted at why he chose "historic" Charleston to shoot nine people to death at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in South Carolina. Along with a long, hate-filled screed, the 21-year-old included photos of himself burning an American flag; taking aim with a pistol and posing proudly at sites connected to the Confederacy. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WilliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comJWilliams8kalvin The Truth about punishment and mercy
Videoblog about social issues. Williams&Kalvin
There is nothing more important than bond between parents and their kids! #LikeFatherLikeSon repost
White racist want to steal our fight. Here is the example. White-led anti-racism groups have existed for hundreds of years, and they've often been problematic, counterproductive, and just fucking weird since their inception. Take, for instance, the Pennsylvania Anti-Slavery Society of 1833, which believed that slave owners were missing out on a business opportunity by not putting slaves on the payroll. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comNViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/wilIiams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin The Truth about white supremacy www.youtube.com
My wife doing some dry fire training. Let's give a SALUTE ??to all the Sista's that shoot! Repost from
Repost from
Have you ever noticed that?!
Williams&Kalvin
I pity anyone who has to deal with neighbors in an apartment building. Especially when you have to deal with the complaining and passive- aggressive types. Oh, and let's not forget gentrifiers. Or, as I like to call them, "white migrators." Apparently, instead of knocking on a neighbor's door, people take the easy and passive-aggressive way out and just leave notes instead. But one man wasn't having it. Link: https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/tl.0-9/14572967_1772905896322 988_913778538274424647_n.jpg?oh=9a4945f2582b54297fe1f8f786f297be& oe=5862D508 Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnVilliams8kalvin
I pity anyone who has to deal with neighbors in an apartment building. Especially when you have to deal with the complaining and passive- aggressive types. Oh, and let's not forget gentrifiers. Or, as I like to call them, "white migrators." Apparently, instead of knocking on a neighbor's door, people take the easy and passive-aggressive way out and just leave notes instead. But one man wasn't having it. Link: https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/tl.0-9/14572967_1772905896322 988_913778538274424647_n.jpg?oh=9a4945f2582b54297fe1f8f786f297be& oe=5862D508 Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comNViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnVilliams8kalvin
I pity anyone who has to deal with neighbors in an apartment building. Especially when you have to deal with the complaining and passive- aggressive types. Oh, and let's not forget gentrifiers. Or, as I like to call them, "white migrators." Apparently, instead of knocking on a neighbor's door, people take the easy and passive-aggressive way out and just leave notes instead. But one man wasn't having it. Link: https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/tl.0-9/14572967_1772905896322 988_913778538274424647_n.jpg?oh=9a4945f2582b54297fe1f8f786f297be& oe=5862D508 Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comNViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnVilliams8kalvin If your neighbor is black
A 21-year-old Oklahoma man was sentenced on Monday to 40 years in prison for sexually assaulting orphaned children while on a missionary trip in Kenya in 2014. Matthew works at an orphanage built and run by an American citizen named Upendo Children Centre. The main aim of this orphanage was to assist abandoned children in Nairobi, Kenya. Upon Matthew's arrival in Kenya, he insisted on not staying in the apartment allocated to him by authorities but preferred to stay in the very dormitory where these children stayed. He also based his choice on being in a better position to assist the children should the need arise. Mathew raped three teenagers — ages of 5, 9, and 15 respectively for not less than 8 times. He also maltreated a 12 year old boy. This outrageous act led to his sentence of 40 years imprisonment and a fined of $15, 863.
This is just for laughs :D No offends, just saying things the way they are. Guys, what do you think about this Trump (stitches parody)? #TheTrump #just4laughs
It is so disheartening knowing that people are put behind bars because they failed to settle a fine. Most people are jailed because one way or the other there was no money to do what was necessary at a particular time even though they were innocent. Prosecutors have developed this platform as a gold mine, extracting huge sum of money from civilians. You can be put behind bars if you fail to comply with the demands. Suddenly one's life becomes tattered when jail comes in, because there is no freedom of making a better living. Federal prosecutors should shake up and hold judges and all these people who take advantages of people by making them pay huge sums of money or put someone behind bars because he/she couldn't pay a fine. Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin Subscribe to my YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnVilliams8kalvin
Ku Klux Klan is a movement in the United States that have advocated through terrorism for white supremacy, white nationalism and anti-immigration. They normally aimed at groups whom they opposed. The Klan held an anti- immigration rally on Saturday. They got surrounded by group of protestors who beat and kicked them violently. On Monday evening, a crowd of civil right protesters gathered for a vigil against Ku Klux Klan. It was a march where the protesters carried signs that had the inscription "Power through Peace". This march was an intended peaceful march which was meant to bring peace and unity. Subscribe to my Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
A lone sniper shot 14 people and killed 5 police officers, in Dallas late Thursday night. It was a peaceful protest against the police shootings of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minnesota. So he turned this peaceful protest into a scene of chaos and carnage. The wounded include seven police officers and two civilians. The sniper, Micah X. Johnson was a black U.S. military veteran of the Afghan war. As he was captured, he claimed he wanted to "kill white people". There's no evidence that he was a Black Lives Matters activist. There's no proof that he was into the movement anyhow. It happened almost a week ago and the police can't show anything to prove there was a link between Micah X. Johnson and Black Lives matter. But the Main stream media are telling us time and again that «black lives matter terrorists are killing the police officers». The main stream Media are telling us, that the protest against police terror is a violent anti-government riot! Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnVilliams8kalvin
Questions about why police shot and critically wounded a 17-year-old Somali refugee in Salt Lake City grew Monday as civil rights groups called for answers and several hundred protesters took the streets holdings signs that read, "Stop killer cops." It's very insane when those who are to protect us have turned into serial killers. The most annoying part is that they have refused to release the footage video. They need retraining. Whatever happened to Tasers? Whatever to rubber bullets? Whatever happened to shooting shots in the sky as a warning? Why are police wearing body cam and we can't see it? If they're right, let's see it. Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin Subscribe to my YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
Hi my people! Many of you write to me asking, why most of my videos are so negative and depressive. And that's true, I used to talk about really sad things. But today I'm gonna have some fun.
I'm sure white media won't tell you this!
Null
Black people have no place in the coming 2016 presidential election because we have had our chance and we never profited out of it. We had a moment to present economic or social advancement plans to president Obama, yet we refused and let anti- blacks trick us into thinking that was not elected to benefit just black people alone. President Obama was elected for a reason. He was the stepping stone for blacks to rise but it was blown away. Now, it is the time of White America to rebuild and advance and make their race great. The war for power between blacks and whites is very real, but the black community has forgotten. Consequently, the power of black is fading day by day because those in position are descending from the ladder every day. In no time; "White Power' will be stronger than before. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WilliamsandKalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
It's strange that all the main stream media you read every day will tells you that Hillary is an angel and you have no way but vote for her. But the fact still remains the same. Hillary Clinton is a criminal, and the simple question to the world and America is "why should someone vote for a criminal?" America thinks we are painting this presidential aspirant, but after watching the movie "Clinton Cash." Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comNViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
The Civil Rights Movement was fighting for the real equality in general and particularly the equal rights of voting. It started in North Carolina but it can spread all over the country. Blacks are being deprived of general voting rights. The U.S. District Judge, Thomas Schroeder, on Monday dismissed lawsuits challenging changes to the state's election laws, declaring that the challenges failed to show that it hindered voters of color from exercising their voting rights. The North Carolina law which eliminated early voting, same —day voter registration and out-of-precinct voting requires voters who go to the polls to show an acceptable form of identification such as a driver's license, passport or military ID. This is not a good sign as we watch the world take the new turn for the worse now while doing nothing. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comn/ViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnWilliams8kalvin
Black America is not into politics. This is not our game and we don't want to play with whites. You know why? Because I don't give a fuck about it! I really don't care and don't know why any black American should care anyhow. We have our own life and our own future in this country. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnVilliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
No wonder white boys don't get shot when they're arrested':
An amount of $840K was donated to the family of the deceased James Anderson. Are they fucking kidding us? For them it's enough and wealth it, but to the family of Anderson it's not better than the life taken. These guys should pay a death penalty for taking a life. This is a racial act. Report says between hits; they screamed; `White power!' before Dedmon ran him over. causing fatal injuries. There is no particular reason for whatever they did so America shouldn't think they have done something much greater. `Money cannot buy life,' that is what Bob Nesta Marley said and he is absolutely right.
Null
Black-Americans deserves equal justice! Like to join!
Black-Americans deserves equal justice! Like to join!
Black-Americans deserves equal justice! Like to join!
Williams&Kalvin
Tbh I believe in you
Black Americans have really different problems to face no white American can ever experience in his own life. We have the same problems in our communities after the presidential elections as we had before. So, give no attention to what you are told by the media. Get down to your own business. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WilliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: http&//www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comJWilliams8kalvin
For last 1,000 days, America and its allies have killed at least 3,200 civilians in Syria. But will bombing bring peace? Martin Luther King Jr. had an answer on that: "The chain reaction of evil - hate begetting hate, wars producing more wars - must be broken, or we shall be plunged into the dark abyss of annihilation."
Let's make it clear: 1) Flint still doesn't have clean water. 2) America spent millions to bomb Syria.
She practices her Spanish! Looks adorable! We love our beautiful and bright afro babies!?? Day made!! madewithlove #igbabies. We love our beautiful and bright afro babies!?? Day made!! #madewithlove #igbabies We love our beautiful and bright afro babies!?? Day made!! #carolsdaughter #madewithlove #igbabies
This is exactly what you feed needs!
Remember your roots!
Explosion in Manchester, ISIS attack in Marawi, bomb attack in Bangkok, car bombing in Syria — all happened in one day. This is heartbreaking and we are praying for everyone. Don't you think that it is vicious cycle? Now they will bomb more in Syria to stop terrorists. And then another bombing here and there. But these attacks cant bring Peace. Stop wasting money on weapons. America; you better stay away from this and start taking care of your own people. Within your own country.
Blessings to all Syrian families!
IT HAS TO GO VIRAL!
Repost
The kid makes us all proud! Don't let anyone bring you down!
Agree!
Nonviolence is a powerful and just weapon,. which cuts without wounding and ennobles the man who wields it. It is a sword that heals. (?) Martin Luther King, Jr. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https-//www.facebook.com/WilliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: httpsWwww.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin The Truth about the most peaceful weapon
The I Promise School will open for elementary students in the fall of 2018 with support from James' family foundation, according to plans revealed on Tuesday. It plans classes for students in third and fourth grades during its first year, and will expand to include grades 1 though 8 by 2022. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WilliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: httpsWwww.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin The Truth about LeBron James
Videoblog about social issues.
Newsblog about social injustice in the US. Our goal is to tell the truth
Newsblog about social injustice in the US. Join us and stay informed!
Newsblog about social injustice in the US. Join us and stay informed! Williams&Kalvin
Haters gonna hate regardless!
The day time cool but the nights evil? Repost from
ROLL-UP YOUR SLEEVES. IT IS A CALL TO SELF-DEFENSE
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train outdoors! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-defense class in Orlando, Fl
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the event, bring your friends , feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-defense class in NY Free Self-defense class in NY -
The second self-defense class with Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us!!! Self-defense classes with
Instgogogo
You can go to hell or follow @south_lone_star instead! Texas is where you always want to be! We are Texans and we're not like the rest! Follow us! Lone Star State Rebels (@south_lone_star)• Instagram photos and videos
Don't Shoot is a community site where you can find recent videos about outrageous police misconduct, really valuable ones but underrepresented by mass media. We provide you with first-hand stories and diverse videos. Join us! Click Learn more!
Unbelievable amount of the US government's waste. Join us to learn more about Goverment spending statistics! The US Gov Spending Stats Instalol
Veterans Day is coming! There are so many ways to show your support and your gratitude. Millions of Americans change one light to green in a visible location as a symbol of appreciation. Businesses honor veterans with discounts, deals and fee meals on Veterans Day. Check our page for more information. Veterans USA @veterans GovSpending
This military campaign is very ambiguous given that it has cost nearly 2,500 American lives and hundreds of billions of dollars. The goal was to "disrupt the use of Afghanistan as a terrorist base of operations." Well, the intervention deprived al-Qaida of a sanctuary. But al-Qaida — even after its leader Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. commandos — has spawned cells elsewhere and inspired other extremists in Syria and Iraq. And now ISIS is rising as the most powerful terrorist organisation in the world. So, the question is whether it's worth to risk the lives of thousands of American soldiers for the mission that hardly can be called successful? It seems that Obama should review his military strategy without delay.Join us! Veterans USA( @veterans GovSpending
And what would you choose if u were a president: to create 11200 military- related jobs or to create 26700 jobs in education? Join us! Learn more! The US Gov Spending Stats Instalol
What do you know about PTSD? There is no greater agony. PTSD affects a person's memory, emotional responses, intellectual processes and nervous system. Nearly 31% of veterans fight this agony every day. Do you want to learn more? Click here! Veterans USA( @veterans GovSpending
What do you know about PTSD? There is no greater agony. PTSD affects a person's memory, emotional responses, intellectual processes and nervous system. Nearly 31% of veterans fight this agony every day. Do you want to learn more? Click here! Veterans USA( @veterans GovSpending
Who will save the children? Click Learn more! The US Gov Spending Stats Instalol
Throughout the history of our nation, there have been many wars. The soldiers have always carried the burden of death or injury while in battles. Politicians continually act as if the soldiers are their pawns, and their soldier pawns are expendable in war. Hence, we have the saddest statistics of military injuries. 1 out of 10 veterans is disabled, often by injuries sustained in combat. Join us! Learn more! Veterans USA( @veterans GovSpending
TAG YOUR PHOTOS WITH #TXagainst Send us the reason why don't you want illegals in Texas. Comments, photos, and videos are welcomed!
Home of the Brave. Support our Veterans! Click Learn More! Veterans USA @veterans GovSpending
Why our government wastes $11 MLN per day on ISIL Instead of saving more than 1300 lives of vets. Why do we engage in another conflict when we have so many unsolved problems in the U.S? It is a shame that our vets are treated so badly. They do not receive proper health care and unemployment benefits. They do not receive the respect they deserve. I do not want our government to create new veterans in such conditions. Join us for more statistics' Click learn more: The US Gov Spending Stats Instalol
How to know the truth? Click learn more! Wouldn't it be better to solve the internal problems first? The US Gov Spending Stats Instalol
Unbelievable amount of the US government's waste. Click Learn More! The US Gov Spending Stats GovSpending
A Wounded Warrior and his service dog. Support our Veterans - Follow! Black America( @black Instalol
There are some people who will always support you! And unfortunately, the VA is not on the list. There are numerous examples of disgusting treatment of our Veterans by the VA employees. And there is little chance the situation will change in the near future. The failure of the Defense Department and VA to create a joint electronic health record, despite spending $1 billion for development is just another example of it. Click Learn More! Veterans USA @veterans GovSpending
You can go to hell or follow @south_lone_star instead! Texas is where you always want to be! We are Texans and we're not like the rest! Follow us! Lone Star State Rebels (@south_lone_star)• Instagram photos and videos
Obey the law and everything will be ok, they say
Obey the law and everything will be ok, they say
Join us because we care. Black Matters!
Join us because we care. Black Matters!
One year ago nine people were killed by a gunman. including the senior pastor, state senat Remember Victims of Charleston Shooting
Join us. Because we care
?????? ??? ????? ???????????
Join us. Because we care
Keeping eye on our brother's cases and much more
Keeping eye on our brother's cases and much more
Counter-protest against 'White Power' Confederate rally at Stone Mountain Not My Heritage
Keeping eye on our brother's cases and much more
Keeping eye on our brother's cases and much more
Join us because we care. Black Matters!
Join us because we care. Black Matters!
Null
Amandla Stenberg: Black Female Bodies Are Treated As Less Than Human "Do black females lives matter, too?" That's the big question 16-year-old Amandla Stenberg posed on Instagram on Sunday. The powerful post broke down the cultural double standards that plague black women every day. "Black features are beautiful, black women are not," Stenberg wrote. "White women are paragons of virtue and desire, black women are objects of fetishism and brutality. This, at least, seems to be the mentality surrounding black femininity and beauty in a society built upon eurocentric beauty standards." Everybody knows that racism is alive and prospering in America. However, all the news about killing black men and black teenagers, police brutality, unfair sentences and other issues, distract us from the fact that black women are being abused in the most violent ways. Usually they can't stand up for themselves unlike men, so they endure and suffer. In modern America black women experience more depression than probably during slavery, when everything was obvious, but now racism is hidden behind the mask of tolerance.
New York City Agrees to Pay Family of Eric Garner $5.9 Million New York City has agreed to pay the estate of Eric Garner $5.9 million to settle a lawsuit over his death after he was placed in a chokehold by a New York Police Department officer. The city didn't admit fault in the settlement, the comptroller's office said in announcing the accord Monday evening. onathan Moore, an attorney for the family, said the city made its offer of $5.9 million Monday and the Garner family, in his office, agreed unanimously to end the case. "There is no amount of money that would compensate them for their loss," Mr. Moore said. "Eric Garner is dead. He had no reason to die on that day. Whatever you think he was doing, he shouldn't have died." Yeah right, money won't bring Eric back. He's gone forever, and his his family knows that. But anyway, it's some sort of victory. It's way better than nothing. Rest in peace, Eric Garner. No justice, no peace.
90-year-old WWII veteran is evicted on stretcher. The WWII veteran Johnnie H. Hodges refused to leave his house after he was not able to pay his mortgage while caring for his sick wife. Police and ambulance workers had to carry him away on a stretcher. A 90-year-old Navy veteran lived in his Buffalo home with his wife for decades. But about four years ago; he was taking care of his wife, who had Alzheimer's disease and spent all his income on her rehabilitation. In the process, he defaulted on his mortgage and amassed a huge debt totaling $73;000 to M&T Bank. Unfortunately, due to his default on his mortgage loan payments, he was evicted from his house on a stretcher. Why does the U.S. government treat military veterans absolutely disgracefully? Why the WWII veterans are literally being treated like human garbage by their own government? How potentially disabled veteran was evicted from his house? How come homelessness and unemployment among American veterans is much higher today than for the general population of the United States of America?
This is so sad.. how slowly this is becoming reality. Please America. Please wake up and realize it's time to change. Don't hide your head in the sand
Black, white, Asian. Hispanic, it doesn't matter. Racism is racism, it's wrong regardless.
We can start by having community days for the kids_ it's a must to invest in the youth. We underestimate what we're capable of doing on our own. We don't have to wait on others to value our lives.
300 Men March begins with 35-mile walk to D.C. to denounce epidemic of the culture of gun violence and racism 35-mile trek to Washington has started this Sunday evening in order to bring more attention to widespread violence in different cities across America. The founder of the group Munir Bahar said that the march will last 20 hours in a memory of more than 200 people who have been killed in Baltimore this year. The 300 Men March will highlight the racism and violence across the country. What's wrong with our society? Police kill unarmed citizens, we kill each other. What example we will be setting for the future generations? How are we going to break the cycle of violence? Are there any chances to overcome deeply rooted racism and violence in America? What if peace comes after the fairness?
Black power is greater then you thought. You just have to use it right. Fight for your civil rights, use your power! Civil Rights legislation is the most effective step towards eliminating unspoken by the government inequality in America. What if the civil rights movement generates social change? What if the civil rights movement accelerates the process of "the same opportunities"?
Power-Drunk Pig Threatens To "Drag" Teens Out Of Car Police officer Jeff Willis is facing disciplinary action after a video surfaced of him violently threatening teenagers because they were smiling at him and not taking him seriously enough. Willis pulled them over because one of the passengers allegedly flipped him the middle fighter from the window. When one of the young men asks the officer "What did I do?" the officer responds by saying, "I don't know. I just don't like you, I just don't like you." The only crime committed by the occupants of the car was shooting the video. We have a legal right to film and photograph police, in every state! People should know their rights - it's the first step to stop police brutality. If another person smiling makes you that upset, you should not be permitted to own a gun. People, who have mental illness or anger issues should not having access to guns. Guns should be in the hands of responsible adults! Police went out of the control. How much respect do you think Police has for people? 0! In this way, if you can't control yourself it's time to retire, you don't deserve to carry the badge. America needs better gun control. Although, it's not the type of gun that is the problem. It is the type of gun owner that is the problem. America, control your blue pigs!
The real enemy is around us. Watch out.
Because They Lack Crucial Training, These Cops Severely Beat a Blind Autistic Teen Unconscious During the incident, Abrams, 17, suffered two seizures after police used force against him at the Green Line's Lexington Parkway Station. The teen suffers from Asperger's syndrome, which causes him to strongly dislike being touched or having people in his person space, and is considered legally blind, wearing extremely magnified glasses. Officers thought the non-compliance of Abrams was reason enough to justify forcibly taking him down, which resulted in him being battered and left unconscious. Abrams non-compliance wasn't done out of malice, but out of not really understanding the situation, and believing he hadn't done anything wrong. Abrams' autism makes it extremely difficult for him to interpret the intentions or feelings of others, according to his mother. Police released the teen to the custody of his mother rather than take him to the juvenile detention facility. Police are trained to think like the military in combat, which means they prioritize their own safety and the safety of fellow officers over everything else, including that of the citizens they allegedly "protect and serve."
ATTENTION, NEWYORK! We need your support! We'll provide you with free food and coffee. Come and bring your friends! Join the FB event for more details:
ATTENTION, NEWYORK! We need your support! We'll provide you with free food and coffee. Come and bring your friends! Join the FB event for more details:
ATTENTION, NEWYORK! We need your support! We'll provide you with free food and coffee. Come and bring your friends! Join the FB event for more details:
A 17-year-old boy dies after being shot multiple times in West Baltimore. A Baltimore teenager died Monday morning, shortly after 10:30 am after being shot several times on a street corner less than two miles from his old high school. Baltimore Sun's crime reporter Kevin Rector said that an officer in the 1500 block of West Baltimore street s heard multiple gunshots comin... Teen Fatally Shot In West Baltimore I Black Matters Black Matters
21-year-old Lane Durham from Oklahoma is facing up to 40 years of confinement for sexual harassment, when he volunteered as a missionary in Kenya. `All I wanted was to follow God's plan for me " Durham told before court pleading for mercy. In June 2014; Matthew Durham came under national spotlight when he was accused of raping and molesting several young black girls and boys in an orphanage in Kenya. Now, 21-year-old Lane Durham from Oklahoma is facing up to 40 years of confinement for sexual harassment, when he volunteered as a missi... 40 Years For Sexually Abusing Kenyan Orphans Isn't Enough I Black Matters Black Matters
A St. Paul Police sergeant who posted on Facebook "run them over" about BLM protesters won't face any criminal charges. https://blackmattersus.com/4678-police-says-run-them-over-and-goes-scot- free/ The sergeant Jeffrey Rothecker, in his Facebook comment; referred to protesters as idiots. He wrote about how drivers could even escape charges if they ever killed any of the protesters during protests. He out smarted the police department and resigned before any disciplinary actions were taken. The... Police Says "Run Them Over" And Goes Scot-Free I Black Matters Black Matters
A `quiet and nice' 16-year-old girl "who kept to herself" is dead after an assault at Delaware high school. A teen girl died after she was assaulted at her Delaware high school, authorities said. The 10th grader, who has been identified as Amy Inita Joyner-Francis, wa TRAGIC: Teen Girl Beaten To Death In High School Bathroom I Black Matters Black Matters
Several anti-racist organizations, including Black Matters, stood up against white supremacists, who staged the rally at Stone Mountain Park on April. 23. Hundreds of neo-nazis and klansmen attended an "openly White Power' rally at Stone Mountain on Saturday. According to SPLC, the racist rally was organized by Jo White Pride Rally Was Interrupted by Anti-racist Groups Black Matters Black Matters
"When the cameras and lights are gone, our babies are dead. So I'm going to ask you here today to wake up," says late Sandra Bland's mom. A Congressional Caucus on Black Women and Girls held over the week brought together dozens of public figures, lawmakers and relatives of Sandra Bland, who was k Sandra Bland's Mom Gives Devastating Speech To Congressional Leaders I Black Matters Black Matters
Beaufort County School District is investigating the case of a white school teacher asking a black student to go back to Africa. According to reports, Nicole Whitmore's son, who is a freshman in Battery Creek High School, was sitting with about 10 other students when their teacher instruc White Teacher Tells Black Teen To "Go Back To Africa" I Black Matters Black Matters
ATTENTION. DETROIT! Justice hasn't been served for Aiyana and her grieving family. Join our upcoming rally: ://www.facebook.com/events/1 727519624184050 https- May 16 will mark the sixth anniversary of the brutal slaying of 7-year-old Aiyana Stanley-Jones by Detroit Police Officer Joe Weekley. The fight is not over.
While in solitary confinement Candie Hailey was physically and sexually abused by prison guards leading to her numerous suicide attempts. Candie Hailey, a Bronx woman, who spent more than two years in solitary confinement at Rikers Island before being acquitted, is preparing a $10 million lawsuit Woman Suing City After Spending More Than 2 Years In Solitary Black Matters Black Matters
Life expectancy rate for African-Americans increases, but they still die from AIDS, heart diseases, cancer and homicides at a higher rate than whites. Recently released federal data brings some good news of gains in life expectancy for black Americans amid controversies of whether black lives are as valued as Life Expectancy For Black Americans Increase I Black Matters Black Matters
Opinions are split depending on the race, a poll proves.
Second Officer's trial in Freddie Gray case starts in Baltimore.
Six years later and still no justice for Aiyana Stanley Jones. On May 21, 2016, a peaceful rally will be held in Detroit outside the Coleman A. Young Municipal Center to remember Aiyana and all victims of police brutality. https-//www.facebook.com/events/1 727519624184050/
Join us on June 18th to honor the memory of the Charleston shooting victims. Share this please! Help us spread the message
"I wish I could have saved more, to be honest," said a brave ex-marine who had saved 70 people during Orlando nightclub shooting. Many witnesses of Orlando shooting said that they mistook the gunfire for the part of the show. Luckily, Imran Yousuf, a 24-year-old Hindu who left the Marine C War Veteran Of Color Saves Dozens During Orlando Shooting. Media Remains Silent. Black Matters Black Matters
Null
August 9, 2016, marks a two-year anniversary of the brutal murder of Michael Brown. an 18- Rally In Memory Of Mike Brown
August 9, 2016, marks a two-year anniversary of the brutal murder of Michael Brown. an 18- Rally In Memory Of Mike Brown
White supremacists are planning to raise the racist flag again! The state officials ordere Not My Heritage
White supremacists are planning to raise the racist flag again! The state officials ordere Not My Heritage
White supremacists are planning to raise the racist flag again! The state officials ordere Not My Heritage
Null
Mass Shooting At Umpqua Community College In Oregon, 10 Reported Dead Ten people were killed and seven were wounded Thursday in a shooting at a small community college in Roseburg, Oregon. The shooting took place in classrooms in Snyder Hall. Law enforcement officials have identified Chris Harper Mercer as the man responsible for the mass shooting.He had four weapons on him - three handguns and one assault weapon. Also he was definitely ready to put up a fight, because he had body armor and stash of ammunition. One of the witnesses said that the gunman first asked about people's religions before he began firing. The hospital said that all victims were female between the ages of 18 and 34, and quoted a doctor who said that an "army" of doctors and nurses had volunteered to help. It's the 45th shooting at a school so far this year. Obama said that America is the only country on Earth that sees these kinds of mass shootings every few months. And he's right. People already got used to this. Isn't it time for some gun control yet? Some white supremacists say that the killer was mixed and he supported BLM. This information is not confirmed and is more likely to be fake. This dude is definitely not black. His parents are Caucasian. The fact it's been a few hours since the shooting and they haven't say what race he is means he's white. And honestly, word "shooting" isn't used correctly here. Can we call it terror? Oh, wait. White male though... #UCC #Oregon #shooting
Null
Join us because we care. Black Matters!
Join us because we care. Black Matters!
California...knows how to party California...knows how to party In the citaaay of L.A. In the citaaay of good of Watts In the citaaay, the city of Compton We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin! - 2Pac - California Love
A 13-year-old child was tasered by cop for skateboarding A San Diego sheriff's deputy was filmed tasering 13-year-old child in the spine for skateboarding. Witnesses reported that the cop tried to force them to delete videos from their phones. Videos show how the child writhes in agony from being tased. Police said that the child ran away from home and was missing for a day-and-half. However it doesn't give the reason to taser a child. We see another case of police misconduct, when the policeman actually attacked the child. This case should reach the court, because the child hasn't done anything unlawful. The policeman exceeded his powers and used force against a child. So he should be punished. Before the trial nothing's gonna change and cops are about to do whatever they want. The task of all Americans who have witnessed police brutality is to extend all the information about it in order to reach out the government and the court.
Thousands Walk Hand In Hand Across Ravenel Bridge To Show Support For Mother Emanuel Church On Sunday evening, hours after Emanuel A.M.E. Church opened its doors for the first service following the killing of nine of its congregants Wednesday, thousands in Charleston took to the streets in a show of support and solidarity. Observers on the bridge, and thousands more at the base, joined hands to create a "unity chain," then held a moment of silence that lasted five minutes in honor of the fallen. Police estimated that 10,000 to 15,000 took part in Sunday's gathering, according to the Post and Courier. Cars drove slowly past the bridge, taking in the sight and honking horns in solidarity as people chanted "Charleston strong!" Throughout history people start to unite only when they face danger or when they're in times of great sorrow. Modern America is accustomed to meet only imaginary dangers, however, Americans are getting more and more reasons to sorrow over something day by day. Does it mean that the key to the unity of 330 million Americans is constant fear and unending sorrow? Does it mean that only this can make Americans unite and forget about the infighting and differences? Unfortunately, yes, it does.
How many of you believe in Black Jesus? There is quite a big number of people arguing about ethnicity of Jesus Christ. Was Jesus white, olive-skinned or black? The Coptic Museum in Cairo, Egypt owns the earliest painting of Jesus Christ in the Church of Rome (6th century) where skin color of Jesus was black.
Keep calm and remember your roots. Don't let the government to take it away from you.
Such a beautiful day! Such a beatiful view!
Keeping eye on our brother's cases and much more
Keeping eye on our brother's cases and much more
Keeping eye on our brother's cases and much more
Keeping eye on our brother's cases and much more
Keeping eye on our brother's cases and much more
Keeping eye on our brother's cases and much more
Keeping eye on our brother's cases and much more
Keeping eye on our brother's cases and much more
Join us because we care. Black matters.
Join us because we care. Black matters.
Join us because we care. Black matters.
Join us because we care. Black matters.
Join us because we care. Black matters.
Join us because we care. Black matters.
Join us because we care. Black matters.
We really can change the world if we stay united.
We really can change the world if we stay united.
We really can change the world if we stay united.
We really can change the world if we stay united.
We really can change the world if we stay united.
We really can change the world if we stay united.
We really can change the world if we stay united.
We really can change the world if we stay united.
Chicago Boy Amari Brown Among 3 Dead, 27 Injured In Just 8-Hour Span In just an eight-hour span during the Fourth of July weekend, gun violence in Chicago left three people dead and 27 wounded. Amari Brown, a 7-year-old boy on the city's West Side, was the youngest of the fatalities. Those 30 shootings came between 9:20 p.m Saturday and 4:45 a.m. Sunday. Amari had spent the day celebrating with family and riding his scooter up and down the block where he lived with his grandmother and several other relatives in Humboldt Park. Just before midnight, a gunman opened fire outside a relative's home where Amari and other children were playing, hitting both the 7-year-old and a 26-year-old woman in the chest. No arrests have been made. Family members will hold a press conference Sunday afternoon to call for Amari's killer to turn himself in. How can we feel safe here in America? Permanent threat to life follows every American like a shadow. What did this boy do to deserve a bullet in his body? He just played with his friends outdoor. Is human life really worth nothing in our country? Rest in peace, Amari Brown.
Keep calm and remember your roots. Don't let the government to take it away from you.
Fifty years ago, 48% of African American adults and 57% of African American children lived in poverty. Today, only 28% of African American adults and 38% of African American children live in poverty. We've come so far, but still there is a long way to go.
7-Year-Old Madeleine from Charleston drew this picture in order to show us that being colorblind is awesome and we should give it a try.
Null
Barack Obama and his team have spent two months working to secure 41 percent for Iran deal. And now they claim enourmous victory. Under the Constitution, treaties require the support of two-thirds of the Senate. The deal with Iran is a treaty in every respect — a legally binding long- term agreement between sovereign powers, in which hundreds of billions of dollars will flow and billions of dollars in nuclear materiel will be destroyed. Since this is a treaty and we have 100 senators, Obama should have been obliged to secure the backing of 67 senators, not 41. Obama knows he can never get Iran deal through the Congress. Americans voted for the GOP in 2014 to provide Republican majority in both the House of representatives and the Senate. It has to stop crazy ideas of Obama. But Obama is not stupid, he is very crafty politician. He succeded to change a subject to a vote — not of approval, like a treaty, but of disapproval. It would be treated like any piece of legislation. It would be voted on by the House and the Senate, and if they turned thumbs-down, he could then exercise his presidential veto. The Constitution requires a second vote by the two Houses of Congress to overturn such a veto — and in that case, the vote has to be by two-thirds. So, instead of 67 Senators having to support the deal to make it legal, 67 senators have to disapprove of it to render it null and void. It is enough 60 or more Senators to overturn a veto. But you remember, 41 Senators agree to support the deal. Thus, it may well be that for the first time in American history, a president will simply impose a treaty on the country without even the pretense of seeking and obtaining the advice and consent of the Congress. And how? With 42 percent. Barack Obama is very smart man, but he is not a patriot. He doesn't care about Americans. All what he cares is his outsized ambitions.
Andy Hallinan — a new justice fighter who banned Muslims from his shop Andy Hallinan, a Florida gun shop owner has banned Muslim customers from his store. He declared his shop a "Muslim-free zone" in response to a shooting in Chattanooga, where a Kuwait-born terrorist killed five US Marines. Hallinan announced his store's new policy sitting against the Confederate flag. The video posted in Facebook became popular. What we can say? Hallinan is completely right! If the government cannot provide our security, then we must do everything possible to provide it. A lot of Muslims become Islamists, who pose a real threat to our national security. We consider that it is really dangerous to sell arms to Muslims, as there're a lot of terrorists among them. The 2nd amendment was written for people, but it doesn't relieve people of responsibility.
A number of refugees has increased since Obama became the President States across the country were filled with flows of refugees since Obama became the President. The U.S. refugee admissions database wrapsnet.org states that 437,829 new refugees came to the USA since Obama first took office. Most of them were placed in Texas (46,351), California (44,162) and New York (26,293). Many of refugees were placed in Ohio (14,855), Florida (21,613), Virginia (9,395), Colorado (11,300) and Nevada (3,421). Such active provision of a shelter for refugees sooner or later will lead to the fact that the number of terrorist attacks in the USA will increase. The US Homeland Security Committee considers that the administration is admitting too many refugees from Iraq and Syria, a hotbed of ISIS terrorism. Perhaps new terrorist attacks won't be so large as the 9/11 but there will be more terrorist attacks if the immigration policy won't be tightened. We have a lot of problems that require an active response and decisions from the government: poverty, the problems of veterans, homelessness, racism, law enforcement system and so on. Is it possible to offer a better life for refugees if not all US citizens live normally?
The 2nd amendment is an integral the Bill of Rights integrated to the U.S. Constitution in 1791. And we know why every Americans have the right to bear arms. First, the 2nd amendment makes people less prone to crimes. Most of people will not attack others, if they have a chance to be shot. Moreover, armed citizens help to prevent some crimes. Second, the 2nd amendment gives equal odds for criminals and people who have no negative intentions. They both have firearms. Third, gun owners as usual feel a responsibility, it makes them law-abiding citizens. Of course, every rule has an exception. However, you see, the 2nd amendment has enormous advantages.
This day in history On August 11, 1972 the last US ground combat unit left South Vietnam. Direct U.S. military involvement ended on 15 August 1973. The government spent more than $120 billion on the conflict in Vietnam from 1965-73 that led to the widespread inflation. Psychological effects were even deeper. The war had pierced the myth of American invincibility, and had bitterly divided the nation. Many returning veterans faced negative reactions from both opponents of the war and its supporters. In 1982, the Vietnam Veterans Memorial was created in Washington, D.C. There the names of 57,939 American armed forces killed or missing during the war are inscribes. Latter the total additions brought to 58,267.
The Census Bureau published the new data in its International Data Base, which contains population estimates and projections up to the year 2050. The figure from the Census Bureau is a calculation of net migration—meaning the total number of immigrants who will arrive in the United States in 2015 would actually be larger than 1.24 million. Of course, the United States is the country of immigrants. But if America had huge undeveloped lands and needed workers at the earliest stage, today there is a jobs deficit. Today the government must restrict immigration that is a reason of interethnic tensions in the United States. High unemployment rate fuels intolerance toward immigrants that are ready to work illegally for low wages. So, besides social problem, immigrants threaten the U.S. economy. Those who work illegaly don't pay taxes that are an important part of state budget. Working illegaly, they break the law. Lack of immigration restrictions increases crime rates. Moreover, more and more immigrants cannot speak English. One-fifth of people in the United States speak a foreign language at home, according to a report of the Center for Immigration Studies. You see, increasing ammount of immigrants in the United States creates social and economic problems. However, we have a risk not only to worsen the U.S. economy, but also to lose our culture. America can't be the Tower of Babel, we cannot allow everybody to live here if immigration threatens us. We don't hate foreigners, we are glad to see tourists from every corner of the world, but we cannot allow them to stay here. It's the bathos of stupidity to stimulate immigration when it creates enormous problems for the nation.
Every American's right to bear arms is absolutely sacred, period. All the liberal attacks on it are very worrying because the Amendment was not only made for self defense — it is a nation's ability to overthrow the tyranny. A Government that doesn't trust its citizens to possess weapons can never receive mutual trust or respect. And that's what things are now — there's a great mistrust between the people and the country Administration and the only way for our "leaders" to establish relations with Americans is to stop all attacks on the Second Amendment.
Nearly half of students don't speak English at GA elementary school A Georgia elementary school launched a new program for upcoming school year that will rely on students who just learned English to help teach younger students the language. Almost half of students are served in our program for English as a second language, so it will take years before some students master the language. Immigrants use every excuse why they can't learn: poverty, racism, too much homework, the list is endless. The main question is why do American taxpayers should pay and take responsibility to provide translators for folks who don't make an effort to learn and speak English? This is unfair that those kids whose parents chose to immigrate here (most illegally) are all on welfare. They know they don't have to work, because the government will take care of them. So, if the government continues to keep the same standards for illegal immigrants, America will become another 3rd world country.
Today is a good day to honor our Navy forces. 72 years ago our ships took part in operation "overlord", landing our forces in Europe. We can't say we have brilliant commandership now, but our soldiers are as brave as our grandfathers were. Our sailors not only fight our enemies in the seas and oceans, they also challenge the water elemental itself, sailing for months without seeing the shores of their home. God bless the U.S. Navy!
A very touching story. Roberto Gonzalez, a dying Vietnam veteran from Texas made this special request last weekend. Hospital staff and Roberto's family arranged his final meeting with two horses. Gonzalez was paralyzed in Vietnam during his service. He gave his health away in the name of America like thousands of our brave soldiers did. Unfortunately no one can return their health and lives back. Our best people have to live the shortest lives. If only our Government could pay more attention to our heroes' problems to make them a bit happier and to make their heroic lives a bit longer.
Our country was drawing a blank for the last eight years. We need a strong leader who will March for Trump
Saudi prince urged Americans not to vote for Trump last week. How wonderful, an Islamic dictator advises Americans how to run a Republic! Saudi Arabia is considered the main weapon and recruit provider to Islamic State terrorist organization. No wonder radical Islamists are terrified by Trump, unlike Obama he is a strong confident man who'll deal with terrorism with no doubt. When terrorists' "official" leaders call to reject a Presidential candidate - you've got the man you need.
Clinton was the most ardent initiator of Arabic Spring,. multiple civil wars in the Middle East and overthrowing regimes of both Gaddafi and Hussein. Neither of the Middle East countries affected by Obama and Hillary's foreign policy are prospering today. The whole region is ruined by war now, and the terrorism turned into the whole Islamic State due to Hillary's absolute incompetence in foreign policy. We can't let a person like that become our next President. #NeverHillary #HillaryForPrison #Hillary4Prison #HillaryForPrison2016 #Trump2016 #Trump #Trump4President
For the first time in American history, the leading candidate for the Democrat party is running on a platform that would prohibit the private ownership [or outright confiscation] of firearms. As a candidate, Hillary has already stated that the 2nd Amendment does not apply to us. It is an assault on our Constitution, the very basics of America. Why does she call herself a Democrat, her anti-American ambitions are more likely to look like socialism and tyranny, not even close to Democracy. We are terrified by a possibility of having Hillary as a President. She'll never stop on the Second Amendment. And if she wins, if she manages to disarm Americans — get ready to say "good bye" to the First and the Fourth Amendments either.
What is the second amendment for you? It's not just the right to bear arms. It's respect to American history. The Founding Fathers were very smart people. And it may be assumed they were smarter than many liberals. The second amendment is deterrent. If a criminal knows you have a gun, he doesn't want to rob you. Of course, not all Americans have a gun, but criminals don't know who is unarmed. Liberals can say that guns increase crime rate. In fact, it is nonsense. Look at statistics: the most gun-friendly state is Wyoming, and it has low crime-rate. The states with high crime rate are states where there are many illegals as usual. So, liberal hysteria is just foolishness. Liberals find reasons of crimes in wrong places. The U.S. Constitution should be saved. Do you agree?
"It is not always the same thing to be a good man and a good citizen." Aristotle
Melissa Stockwell is an Iraqi War Veteran, she was the first female soldier to lose a limb in the Iraq War. However, she keeps it star-spangled in spite of m isfortune. Melissa met both Obama and G.W.Bush. But we wish all veterans were treated like her as all of us do know that many people who sacrificed their health for the public good are still forgotten and ignored by our officials.
Sometimes people say I criticize the government too much. They say I can't see positive moments. In fact, I see all good things in the United States, and I'm proud to be an American. But I reckon that I can't have the right to keep silence when outrageous things happen. I can't keep silence while stupid idiots forbid our children to wear patriotic clothes. I can't keep silence while Obama creates comfortable conditions for terrorists, accepting of 10,000 Syrian refugees. I can't keep silence while liberals spit on the U.S. Constitution. Yes, I criticize everything what is unacceptable for the nation. If Americans turn a blind eye to outrageous things, enjoying only positive moments of their lives, we will never live better. Criticism is a way for development. I'm a patriot, that's why I criticize.
US Navy diver plants American flag on US aircraft shot down in World War II. Say it, write it or show it: Our service members -- past and present -- deserve our thanks!
Marine Corps General Joseph Dunford told the Congress last week that the deaths of 500 soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan could be attributed to Iran. This statement sounds strange on the background of rapproachment between Obama's administration and Tehran. Although, this rapproachment in itself looks strange. We would remind you that Tehran has never expressed its condolences for the Iran hostage crisis. Moreover, the Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Hosseini Khamenei is too disrespectful to the United States despite of friendly actions of Obama's administration. And Iranian military command claims that Iran is ready to come into collision with America at any moment. The Iran deal is a shame of the United States. Senate Republicans were right when they expressed their distrust of Iranian government. It's not clear why Obama has refused containment of Iran that is an potential enemy not only for the United States, but also for the rest world. Barack Obama is, by all appearances, a true traitor of the United States. And it's not empty words — the rapprochement with Iran is either a treachery or stupidness.
Your freedom starts here. Join!
NAACP wants removal of Confederate generals from Stone Mountain Three days after the Confederate battle flag was ceremonially removed from the South Carolina Statehouse grounds in Columbia, Atlanta chapter of the NAACP officially called for the removal of Stone Mountain's iconic Confederate Memorial carving. According to WSB-TV in Atlanta, the organization calls for the removal of all symbols of the Confederacy from the park, as well as any other state-owned buildings, parks and lands. The USA is out of balance now. We loose our history! The gays, lesbians and trans-sexuals have more rights now then other folks. They bring pervert culture in our houses as something normal. Today, LGBT community has turned into the head and everyone else is the tail. We inherit the history, we make it, and we are fated to become part of it. What kind of inheritage next generation will get? The rainbow flag that is offensive and a symbol of hate. Instead of delete a big part of our history, can we ban the rainbow from public display?
Rally sparks tension, conversation A group of St. Cloud-area residents took to the stairs in front of the Stearns County Courthouse to protest an anti-immigration. A group of Americans were spoken out against refugees and Sharia, the Islamic law. "We know we have issues in our community and we know they exist, but we don't need people coming in and mixing it up and creating more problems," said Jane Conrad, a field representative for the East Central Area Labor Council. America should wake up before it's too late. Have you forgotten the fires burning in Europe because of very bad progressive ideas? It's always bad idea to bring people with radical beliefs into the country. Muslims don't want to be friends with us, they should be deported back to their 7th century countries.
A terrorist attack was conducted at two U.S. military sites in Chattanooga Mohammad Youssef Abdulazeez was shot and killed by police after he attacked two military sites in Chattanooga, Tennessee and killed four U.S. Marines at the Navy Operational Support Center and Marine Corps Reserve Center. Authorities say a man was a practicing Muslim. At present FBI is conducting an investigation. According to his beliefs, Mohammad was a fundamental Islamist. Having examined after his death his social pages, FBI has found that he kept a blog and had a note where he said that he conducted a terrorist act in obedience to Allah. It is notable that the terrorist attack was conducted in the last day of Ramadan. It is noteworthy that in his letter the terrorist didn't refer to ISIS or AI-Qaeda; he acted in his own volition. We don't want to stir up Islamophobia, but if such manifestations of Islam have place, it is very sorrowful for the United States. The situation in the Middle East and the extensive propaganda of ISIS make ordinary Muslims to become radical Islamists and take the path of war and death. If people on their own commit such attacks, the American society must take it more seriously. The society should develop a new behavioral model towards Islam, according to which, on the one hand Muslims and Christians will live comfortable together. And on the other hand, Muslims won't tend to radical activities and the destruction of peaceful life of Americans.
Frank Levingston, the oldest veteran in the United States, passed away Tuesday. May 3 at the age of 110 at a nursing home for veterans in Bossier Parish, La., according to family members. Levingston was also the oldest man in the United States. He held the title for less than a month following the death of Felix Simoneaux Jr. on April 19. Wish our veterans received more attention and care from our Government. Obama's eight presidency years turned into a disaster to our veterans and soldiers. Hope Obama will be replaced by a President who cares. We want our old heroes to be proud of their children and grandchildren so they would leave this world with a smile. knowing they will be honored and remembered.
Patricia Smith, a mother of Benghazi arrack victim's made some statements this Thursday broadcast on Fox Business Network. She said there is "a special place in hell" for people like Hillary "and I hope she enjoys it there". Smith added in her interview: "I want Hillary to talk to me personally, and tell me why there was no security there, when they were asked for it. I know this, because I spoke to my son. That day, he says he was really scared, because he saw the 17 people — 17 November, whatever it was, that they were walking around taking pictures. And he was afraid. He says it didn't look very good. And he was afraid. And that he asked for security, and he was turned down." This must be a mean joke we're having that kind of liar as a possible president. Even understanding that most liberals are brainwashed I just don't get it - how can a politician caught in a lie of that scale still be trusted by electorate? One must be totally insane to follow THAT kind of leader. Patricia's son is an American hero and his blood is on Hillary's hands.
Common response after the massacre in Oregon is `I Want to Have a Gun'. "I want to have a gun in the house to protect myself, to protect the people I'm with. I'm sure I'll have a normal life and never have to go through anything like this, but I want to be sure," said Mr. Vicari, 19. The right to bear arms allows the people to protect themselves. Gun control will deprive them this opportunity. And criminals will buy a firearm illegally. I don't know why some liberals are not able to understand it. Anyway, patriots stand for the 2nd amendment. We will never allow them to repeal or amend it!
Your freedom starts here. Join!
It might sound like a cliche but "get a job" is a really good advice for young liberals protesting against everything in the world. Old man Ronald knew what he was talking about! Our college students should have an experience of paying taxes before standing for illegal immigrants' rights. They should rise their own children before standing for gay parenthood. It's no secret most active liberal's supporters are people about 20-25 years- old while most conservatives are older. Well; as they say; wisdom comes with ages.
9/11: 14 years later. What were you doing? 14 years ago America has changed forever. One of the darkest days in American history came. The tragedy of September 11th is still touching us. Some of us lost our family members or our friends, while others saw the terrorist attacks firsthand. R.I.P to all innocent victims, workers, police officers, firefighters and even dogs that died in this tragedy. This is a day in our history that everyone is going to remember. Today we should honor the memory of the killed ones and share our stories. What were you doing on 9/11? I'd like to tell you #My911 Story. I was only 15 when the attacks occurred. I was at school. I remember that somebody came and told us that there had been a serious bombing in NYC. We all said a prayer for the victims and went back to studies. But a few minutes later all students began receiving calls from their relatives. My mom called me crying. School was letting out early that day. When I came home I remember my dad watching the news and telling me that terrorists took responsibility for the attacks. And do you remember what you were doing on 9/11? #My911 Story
Our country was drawing a blank for the last eight years. We need a strong leader who will March for Trump
If a Republican doesn't like guns he doesn't buy one. If a Democrat doesn't like guns he wants all guns outlawed. We all know the Supreme Court is now under a threat of receiving anti-gun majority of judges. Only a conservative President can stop this madness. Don't let the Democraps take away your Constitutional right! Vote Republican, vote Trump, and support the Second Amendment!
Wow, this kind of gun control could prevent dangerous mentally ill idiots from buying guns! Isn't it the great Democratic desire to "secure the society"? Speaking seriously: only two kinds of people shouldn't be allowed to bear arms: criminals and psychopaths. Since we are none of those — never dare to take our rights and guns away!
Iraq, Syria, Libya — several years of fails in the Middle East diplomacy. May remind you Hillary had a long time to show her foreign policy skills — being a Secretary of State she had quite enough of political powers. How can anyone support her? Voting for Hillary is just burying the American image in the world.
The liberal mass media tried to overblow a story about the KKK's endorsement of Trump. They claimed Donald is supported by David Duke and "white supremacists". The journalists are trying to depict Trump as a racist and continue their attempts even after Trump officially declared "I don't know anything about David Duke... You're asking me a question that I'm supposed to be talking people I know nothing about." However, "for some reasons" the same mass media in their revelation campaign forgot to mention Hillary Clinton's ties to Robert Byrd, a former KKK leader. Hillary described him as a man of "surpassing eloquence and nobility". In 2010 after Byrd died she released a tribute video saying "It is almost impossible to imagine the United States Senate without Robert Byrd. He was not just its longest-serving member; he was its heart, its soul, and its historian. From my first day in the Senate, I sought out his guidance, and he was always generous with his time and his wisdom. I admired his tireless advocacy for his West Virginia constituents, his fierce defense of the Constitution, and the traditions of the Senate, and his passion for a government that improves the lives of the people it serves." So here the mass media give us an political paradox: a Republican candidate can't be endorsed by a former KKK member, but a Democrat can easily show her respect and honor to a former racist leader without being judged for that. Isn't that a little hypocritical?
The former secretary of state's chain of lies continues and seems like not going to end. This Tuesday Hillary Clinton dared to state we have no immigration crisis and things are just fine with invader policy. "I think we've done a really good job securing the border," she declared. Well, that's her strategy — keep lying over and over until all her words become true (which is never). Or maybe by "good job" she meant Obama's Government provided Hillary's sponsors like Wall-Mart Corporation with low- paid illegal workers? If one day God lets this liar enter the White House as a president — that day would be a real national tragedy.
Hillary Clinton made new promises to extend our traitor President Obama's pro-immigration policy. She also promised to offer illegals residency and "a path of citizenship". During the debate on 8th March she was asked about deportation. Clinton said: "I would not deport children. I do not want to deport family members either. I want to, as I said, prioritize who would be deported: violent criminals, people planning terrorist attacks, anybody who threatens us. That's a relatively small universe." Oh wonderful, so she admits she wants to be the second Obama, like the first one isn't enough. And we know what's behind this world "children" — young men who claim to be less than 18. Same way the "illegals without a criminal record" is also those who are not proved to be criminals yet. Crossing the U.S. border without permission is already a crime. A crime that should bring just one simple punishment — deportation and a prohibition of further entrance. We do not need a president who doesn't understand that. We do not need a president who forgives this kind of crime. We do not need Hillary.
This Monday Clinton had a public interview event where she was asked to tell about Iraq war and Intervention in Libya during her being as a secretary of state. After attacks in Benghazi, after her actions and lies caused a national scandal, after officially being caught on lies she afforded herself to make a statement "I've said Iraq was a mistake. Libya was a different kind of calculation. And we didn't lose a single person." More than three years passed after the accident and still Clinton didn't even contact Benghazi victims' families. She didn't even try to ask for excuse, like those murdered Americans don't even exist. We definitely don't need a President who lies without a twinge of conscience. Luckily most Americans won't trust such an obvious liar.
Unfortunately, the sudden death of the Supreme Court, Associate Justice Antonin Scalia allows President Barack Obama to strengthen bases of his tyranny, appointing a liberal candidate at the Supreme Court. We should not allow him to put the judicial branch under his control. Sign the petition that calls on the Congress to prevent the dangerous appointment. And share this post please to promote this petition. Together we can make America better! https://petitions.whitehouse.gov//petition/call-us-congress-block-all-president- obama-appointees-supreme-court
You know the Second Amendment is our unalienable right to bear arms that was granted Americans by the Founding Fathers. However, liberals just spit on the U.S. Constitution. So, Hillary Clinton said it's "worth considering" a nationwide gun ban and a "buyback" program to eradicate private gun ownership. Hillary says she is a democrat. Huh! No, she like Obama should say they're socialists who want to set up tyranny. The Founding Fathers had enough brains for preventing the situation when dictators run the country. They decided that armed nation is able to overthrow a tyrant. Maybe is it a true reason why Hillary Clinton stands against the Second Amendment?
The stars at night truly are big and bright in Texas. Good morning USA!
35,093 vets were left without medical assistance According to an internal document obtained by media, 35,093 combat veterans are being denied health care enrollment by the Department of Veterans Affairs because of a computer system error. The vast majority of these combat vets served in Afghanistan and Iraq. About 19,000 of them have been pending one month and five years and about 16,000 have been pending for more than five years. It is known that after five years vets lose their eligibility for free health care. Moreover approx. one-third of 847,000 vets with pending applications for health care had already died. Well, this story clearly demonstrates what value for the state the life of a man willing to sacrifice means. In fact the government doesn't care about its soldiers, even if they are heroes. This confirms that the government's slapdash attitude to the recording vets system left more than 35,000 veterans without medical assistance. And how many of them died before the error in the database was revealed! A truly disgusting attitude to our soldiers!
The U.S. flag hasn't been lowered in honor of the murdered Marines Monday morning, July 20, the US flag continued to fly at the top of the White House and the US capitol building despite the fact that a gunman killed five US Marines in Chattanooga, Tenn. President Obama hasn't ordered to lower a flag, though a federal law states that the flag shall be flown at half-staff upon the deaths of principal figures or the governor can lower the US flag in his or her state following the deaths of officials or members of the US Army. By contrast, Obama ordered the flags to half-staff following on the same day that as the shootings at the Sandy Hook Elementary School. The flag was lowered to half-staff the day following the terrorist attack during the Boston marathon, the shooting at the Washington Navy Yard and the following the death of Nelson Mandela. But it hasn't yet been lowered in honor of the service members murdered in Tennessee. By doing so Obama shows the highest degree of disrespect for the fallen soldiers. It turns out that for him the soldiers as well as veterans do not deserve any attention or respect. Soldiers are needed only when it is necessary to send them to the next unknown operation. They considered as meat. But in reality, they are our heroes! They were victims of a terrorist attack. They were victims of a man who at first won refugee status and then decided to kill in the name of Allah. In general during the Obama presidency the country was divided in many ways: racism became more evident, the number of illegal immigrants, who do not even bother to learn English, because it's enough to speak Spanish, has increased.
The Chinese hackers executed a complex attack that gave them "administrator privileges" into the computer networks at the Office of Personnel Management, mimicking the credentials of people who run the agency's systems. They began siphoning out a rush of data after constructing what amounted to an electronic pipeline that led back to China, investigators told Congress last week in classified briefings. Much of the personnel data had been stored in the lightly protected systems of the Department of the Interior, because it had cheap, available space for digital data storage. The administration is urgently working to determine what other agencies are storing similarly sensitive information with weak protections. Officials would not identify their top concerns, but an audit issued early last year, before the Chinese attacks, harshly criticized lax security at the Internal Revenue Service, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the Energy Department, the Securities and Exchange Commission — and the Department of Homeland Security, which has responsibility for securing the nation's critical networks. It's not clear who is held liable for security hole. What do you think the hacker attack will affect U.S. — Chinese relations?
The Battle of Okinawa, codenamed Operation Iceberg, came to the end on June 22, 1945. The operation was fought on the Ryukyu Islands of Okinawa and included the largest amphibious assault in the Pacific War during World War II. The military value of Okinawa "exceeded all hope." Okinawa provided a fleet anchorage, troop staging areas, and airfields in close proximity to Japan.
It is a symbol of patriots who were willing to die in order to protect this country and to make sure it has remained as the founders intended. South Carolina governor calls for removal of Confederate flag from statehouseGovernor Nikki Haley makes abrupt about-face in wake of Charleston killings to call for removal of flag that has flown on statehouse grounds for 50 years The Confederate flag represents heritage, not hate. The war that is called the "Civil War" was actually the "War for Southern Independence". This is our history and our heritage. Just because certain groups have used the confederate flag in hate related crimes or racism does not make the southern flag racist. Now it is used to show heritage and pride from the south showing that they have been strong and have overcome what has happened to them over time.
Why do immigrants think that the U.S. government should create good conditions for them? I think immigrants should prove that they are deserved to stay in the United States. Why should we give a citizenship to those who cannot give something good for the nation? The worst thing is that illegal immigrants who broke the law to live in the United States demand ask for indulgences. What nonsense! Illegals should be deported from the country invariably. But Obama's administration is tied to the chariot of immigrants. Democrats know that immigrants will vote for the Democratic party. Especially former illegals. That's why Barack Obama tries to give the Immigration Amnesty to illegals as soon as possible. It will allow to increase a number of votes for a Democratic Party presidential candidate in 2016. And democrats don't care about the fact that most of immigrants will become welfare recipients, increasing unemployment rate. America doesn't need immigrants, democrats do. What's more important: to win Presidential elections in 2016 or to make America better? Democrats seem to choose first option. That's what differs republicans from democrats.
On the national level, the suicide risk for gay, lesbian and transgender youth is far higher than it is among straight youth. LGBTQ youth actively plan suicide at a 2.6 times greater rate than straight youth. LGBTQ youth attempt suicide at a 4.0 times greater rate than straight youth. LGBTQ youth require medical attention for suicide attempts at a 5.1 times greater rate than straight youth. Behind these numbers are countless lives lost. This has to stop! Discuss problems together — but only at the initiative of the youth. Be caring and supportive discussing these issues. Don't sweep the problems "under the carpet"! #LGBTQ #youth #suicide #acceptance
#equality #humanrights #Igbt #manifesto
Westboro baptist church is planning to stand against tolerance in education system near LG God H8s Bigots Rally
Louis Halsey, 88, and John Spofford, 94, New York City, New York The couple married after 64 years together. ?
Colorado court sides against baker who refused same-sex marriage cake order The appellate court ruled that requiring the cake shop to comply with an anti- discrimination law does not violate the First Amendment. The ruling was premised chiefly on the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of a number of protected categories, including sexual orientation. I'm so sick of this true Christians who have never taken the Bible in their hands. reading or listening someone who read ancient texts and then declaring them to be applicable to today violates the scriptures. God didn't support divorces, so why did bakers not refuse service to divorcees? Anyway, the truth on our side... finally. So, grab your bae and go to eat some cakes!
Vatican Says Transgender Man Cannot Become A Godparent The Vatican has rejected a request by a transgender man in Spain to become a godparent, ruling that his sexual identity means he is incapable of carrying out the task. Alex Salinas was asked by his family to be godfather to his nephew, but the bishop of his local diocese on Spain's southern coast questioned his gender identity. Salinas was born a woman but has since undergone hormone therapy and has a male ID in Spain. He is now waiting for gender surgery. Bishop Rafael Zornoza Boy of Cadiz and Ceuta rejected the family's request to name Salinas as a godfather. Then, after a media storm, the bishop wrote to the Vatican for advice. Zornoza published the Vatican's reasoning for rejecting Salinas' wish. It said transsexual behavior "reveals in a public way an attitude opposite to the moral imperative of solving the problem of sexual identity according to the truth of one's own sexuality." The pope supported gays, but now for some reason the transman wasn't allowed to be a godfather in Spain, an entirely Catholic, but at the same time, the most friendly country towards the LGBT community. Anyway it's just another superstition of Church. Funny.
Don't be afraid to be yourself. Every person is bom unique, and our own way is just as unique and distinctive. And if you don't live your life in your own way you will regret it more and more with each passing year. So don't let anybody tell you who you are is not enough! #queerquote #beyourself #OscarWilde
HELP RODNEY SUMTER RECOVER Rodney Sumter Jr., 27 miraculously survived Pulse nightclub Orlando shooting, being shot three times. But he's still in a lot of pain. Rodney is still recovering at Orlando Regional Medical Center. Lenita Sumter, his mother, said he is in intense pain and that it has been difficult for him to get comfortable and is needing sedation and heavy pain medications. Rodney was shot in the arms and back. He had surgery Monday to repair his arms, but shrapnel was left in his back. He had another surgery Wednesday night, family said. Doctors said Rodney is running a fever and suspect he may have an infection. Please help Rodney Sumter to recover! https://www.gofundme.com/294czwct Don't forget to send forward your payment invoice????
'THAT'S NOT WHAT I AM': TRANSGENDER PERSON FIGHTS TO CHANGE 'F' TO 'M' ON DRIVER'S LICENSE. One of the friends of our group shared his story with us! He has been discriminated against by local authorities in Louisville, Ky. There's a gap between Kentucky law and federal law. People trying to change the gender on a passport only need to be in transition, not post-surgery. But many transgender people never complete the surgery due to economical reasons, health issues etc. It seems that the law does not care about these people's circumstances. So typical of bureaucrats. It is very important for every transgender to be able to change his\her identification to reflect who they really are. It's not just about person dressed as a man one day and then dressed as a woman the next, or vice versa. It is about much more deep, more complex things. An authentic transgender man or woman only presents as the gender they truly are; And not the gender they were assigned to at birth. Transgender people are not trying to trick anyone by asking for identification changes. They are trying to avoid as much confusion as absolutely possible. Because it is confusing enough to be the gender different from the one you were assigned to at birth. Please share your stories with us, because united we can stand against injustice and inequality! #Kentucky #transgender #inequality #discrimination
"Here are the values that I stand for: honesty, equality, kindness, compassion, treating people the way you want to be treated and helping those in need. To me, those are traditional values." -- quote by Ellen DeGeneres #equality #equalrights #Igbt #traditionalvalues #EIIenDeGeneres #queerquote
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
I need a dog just like that one!
THE US ARMY HAS PUNISHED CHELSEA MANNING for possessing books and magazines having to do with LGBTQ and political issues. They accused her of misconduct for having an expired tube of toothpaste and for brushing food off the table. They placed her in a solitary confinement — a torturous, extremely distressing experience. The whole cruel, corrupted system is against her. It looks like military prosecutors view Manning in a way that means she must be "broken" or forcefully assimilated because of her crime —first, because she exposed the government's crimes, and government really doesn't like it, and second, because she's trans. Their goal is to see that Manning is as dehumanized as possible, but it's clear who the real non-humans are. Someone has gone to great lengths to paint Chelsea as a deceitful and psychotic character. But how many of those punishing Manning should themselves be in a psych ward? Transphobia is a one ugly thing. So sad when heroes like Chelsea Manning forced to suffer, to undergo injustice and humiliation, even though they had been through enough already! Free Chelsea Manning you sadistic creeps!! #ChelseaManning #FreeChelsea #transphobia #LGBT #transgender #PrideHeroes
Wonder Woman comes from an island populated exclusively by women, so there's no doubt in our minds she is a supporter of the LGBT community. And of course this world always need an amazing power of woman's touch:-) Isn't it just amazing? Wonder Woman presides over the wedding of two brides in Sensation Comics Featuring Wonder Woman, Chapter 48 written and illustrated by Jason Badower. Badower said he also really wanted to reference current affairs in the story - specifically, legalization of same-sex marriage nationwide. "I saw this Wonder Woman story as an incredible opportunity to have one of the most recognizable, iconic characters in the world to be among the first to step forward and officially endorse this new law," he said. "I thought, let's not just have Wonder Woman embrace this new law, let's have her celebrate it." Some may ask — why is it so important when superheroes depicted as supporters of marriage equality? Because it is a massive, land-mark milestone in LBGTQ rights history. Because the fight to get to normal was so difficult, and because the fight to change normal is still ongoing. Just like Wonder Woman using her superpowers to struggle with violence and injustice of the world! :-) #wonderwoman #superheroes #marriageequality #gaymarriage #lesbian
Gay the force be with you: Star Wars soldier comes out Hero soldier Sinjir Rath Velus comes out in a new novel, which is part of the smash hit sci-fi franchise with arch-baddie Darth Vader. The space warrior appears in Star Wars: Aftermath, which bridges the gap between Return of the Jedi and new film The Force Awakens. Sinjir, an Imperial turncoat who now serves in Luke Skywalker's Rebellion, is the first major gay role to be part of the Star Wars universe. He reveals his sexuality to female bounty hunter Jas Emari, who tries to chat him up. Chuck Wendig, author of Star Wars: Aftermath, said: "I don't think his sexuality needs to be this giant plot point. At the same time, it's part of who he is. Isn't that great, guys? Ain't no lie, It's a big step forward. We want to thank the creators of the new "Star Wars" for the incredible courage and opposition to conservative bias in Hollywood cinema. There should be a special organization in Hollywood that will protect the rights of gay actors. There should be at least one gay character in every movie in order to help the American society get rid of homophobic stereotypes.
We have a method in place called, don't vote these morons into office! Passing the "First Amendment Defense Act" introduced by Sen. Mike Lee has been anti-LGBT conservatives' top priority since the Supreme Court brought marriage equality to all 50 states. It's part of the National Organization for Marriage's post-Obergefell plan and Republican presidential candidate pledge, and the Family Research Council mentions it almost daily. Lee joined NPR this week to defend the bill, basically admitting that all it does is enable anti-gay discrimination. Lee framed his concern as one about the government discriminating against religious institutions —for discriminating against people in same-sex marriages. It's the latter he wants to allow by ensuring that the government never penalizes any religious institution that refuses to recognize a same-sex couple's marriage, or employ them, house them, or serve them. Mr. Lee, you are ridiculous! You're just going to have to get over that fact that we have full Federal civil rights now. Or don't! We will go on happily living our lives while you froth at the mouth and throw a fit because we're being treated equally under the law!
Lil bit about the history of Gay Rights... Protestor at Weinstein Hall demonstration for the rights of gay people on campus. NY 1970.
Luce: I met this girl... but she's with someone else. Ella: Does she love you? Luce: I don't know... no... yes... but it doesn't matter. Ella: [gently caresses Luce's face] Oh... it's all that matters. Imagine Me & You
Did you know that bats have the highest homosexuality rate of any mammal? It seems we could learn a lot from nature about acceptance and open- mindedness! #bats #batman #humor #rainbow #gaypride
"My mom blames California for me being a lesbian. "Everything was fine until you moved out there." "That's right, Mom, we have mandatory lesbianism in West Hollywood. The Gay Patrol busted me, and I was given seven business days to add a significant amount of flannel to my wardrobe!" quote by Coley Sohn #lesbian #queerhumor #queerquote #coleysohn
The Hope Speech. Harvey Milk addressing crowd from stage at San Francisco Gay Day Parade. 1978.
An openly gay Cuban American poet will take part in Friday's ceremony at the U.S. Embassy in Cuba where the American flag will be raised. The ceremony will mark the official reopening of the U.S. embassy along Havana's oceanfront promenade that overlooks the Florida Straits. `My inspiration is thinking about 90 miles separating the two countries and the two people, 90 miles is the sea between us.' Just 90 miles, but at the same time it is a vast schism that separates the United States from Cuba. The poet added he hopes there's still possible to achieve "healing" between the two countries. `This very moment, the negotiation of cultural identities...This just seems so surreal still... This is really in some sense just the beginning, the dawn of new things to come.' It would be so great if it will be indeed a new hope and a new day for Cuba, country which is still struggling to recover from severe embargo, country abused by wars. Sadly, the United States participated and initiated many of these conflicts... And there's more - severe economic crisis, socialist dictatorship of Cuban leaders. It's time for us to lend a helping hand. #RichardBlanco #Cuba #ForeignRelations #gay #queerart
PLEASE NO HATE! JUST LET US EAT CAKE! Wedding cake is back in the news with developments in both the Oregon and Colorado bakery cases involving discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. In Oregon,judgment has been finalized against Sweet Cakes by Melissa, requiring Aaron and Melissa Klein to pay a $135,000 fine for refusing service to a same-sex couple. Meanwhile, in Colorado, Jack Phillips of Masterpiece Cakeshop, is appealing the ruling against him for refusing to serve a same-sex couple. In the wake of the Supreme Court's ruling in Obergefell v. Hodges, conservatives are eager to highlight Phillips and the Kleins as evidence that religious freedom is under attack. In fact, they have actually invented a new claim about how these bakers' "free speech" is under attack and how they're thus the real victims. There's a simple solution. Since they won't agree to the conditions for having a license to do business with the public, they shouldn't have a license to do business with the public! This is not a free speech issue, it is an issue of American law! They can speak about their bigotry and ignorance, not to practice it!
Why do people hate each other? That's an enormous question, and it's one that eludes an answer. Why there's so rarely we see acceptance, understanding, tolerance towards people who are different from "normal" in any way? I hope that someday all the hatred, all the xenophobia and prejudice between us will ceased to exist. And I'm so grateful for my fabulous loving friends who I have shared so much brilliant times! #glbt #gaypride #friendship #queerquote
Do you seriously believe God will judge someone for loving a person of same sex, but will not judge you for hating someone you have never met? A Kentucky clerk who defied a federal judge's order to issue marriage licenses and turned away four gay couples has until Monday to convince the judge to delay his mandate. U.S. District Judge David L. Bunning rejected Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis' claim that her Christian faith should exempt her from issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples and ordered her on Wednesday to hand out the licenses. But her office kept denying them. Interesting what would happen if I walked up to my boss and said I refuse to the job I am being paid for today? Let me think... guess I would stand in the unemployment line! Her job is not to participate in gay weddings!! All she has to do is confirm that the paperwork is correct! She should be fired, fined and charged with contempt of court!
On the first anniversary of Robin Williams' death, I want to remember his most influential LGBT roles throughout his acting career. The 63-year-old comedian, who had struggled with depression, died by suicide on August 11 2014. His widow Susan Schneider said at the time of his death: "As he is remembered, it is our hope the focus will not be on Robin's death, but on the countless moments of joy and laughter he gave to millions." Even at home, Williams exhibited acceptance for the LGBT community with his trademark playfulness. While he denied rumours about being gay, he had no qualms about discussing the sexuality of his pet pug. He said: "I also have a gay rescue pug called Leonard. He has a boyfriend and they are planning to adopt a Siamese kitten together. We're very modern." When the Westboro Baptist announced its intentions to picket his funeral, pro- LGBT organisation Planting Peace raised over $40,000 for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital —one of Williams' favourite charities. Robin Williams played many different roles in so many people's lives, and giving back to others was at the top of that list... We will never forget you. And we'll always love you...
The first male couple to be married at West Point Military Academy was attacked on 2 August in NYC's SoHo neighborhood. Some guy screamed anti-gay obscenities at Daniel and Larry Lennox-Choate and then attempted sucker-punching Danny. But our guys handled the situation and tossed him in the street, like the loser he is! As Danny and Larry wrote in a FB post. "He left covered in his own blood with his tail between his legs. Damn right: Gay people are not cowards or sissies: I think this is how most (if not all) stories of queer guys and gals being attacked should end. I so hate it when gay are the ones who have being killed, maimed or badly beaten. We welcome people with an outstretched hand, when they come in peace, and with our clenched fists, when they choose to wage war against us! #homophobia #gayisokay #samesexmarriage #lovewins #equality
Stop the hate: Don't be stupid.. don't hate what you don't understand!
That's really cool! I think all people must realise that sexuality is not, fundamentally, about who you want to have sex with — but who you are, and who you love... One of the execs on children's cartoon series Steven Universe has confirmed a lesbian romance between two characters. The popular show is based on a young boy named Steven, who grows up with three magical aliens — the 'Crystal Gems' Garnet, Amethyst and Pearl. The show, which has already won praise for including a number of strong, female characters in a comparatively male-dominated genre, has now hinted at further diversity. That's s000 nice! More and more shows go that route, even if it's probably just for advertising it's still good.
You can color your own Bernie Hero! There is a new coloring book calling "Buff Bernie: A coloring Book for Berniacs" is full of very attractive doodles of Bernie Sanders in muscle poses. The author of the book said that she wanted people to stop taking this whole thing too serious. The coloring is something that suits for all people. I totally agree with her! I've recently heard some hateful comments from the Hillary supporters about Bernie Sanders and his supporters, so I really love the idea of this color book. I think that Bernie would love it!
Well, as you know, schools are places of learning and also miniature societies. The school climate has a direct impact on both how well students learn and how well they interact with other people. More and more teachers today understand the importance of socialization and try to make their classes more friendly where each student feels involved. But despite these efforts, students who are LGBT continue to face a harsh reality.... May 24,25 Westboro baptist church is planning to stand against tolerance in education system near LGBT-friendly Lawrence High School. They want to "remind this nation that the parents, students, teachers and staff of the high schools celebrate disobedience to God's law." They are just inciting hate riots and violence! Their right to protest infringes on others rights! Personally have had enough of those idiots. Someone should picket them (in return)!! Any volunteers willing to help me drown out their voices of hatred? Please, DM us for more information and we can stop their nonsense - to put them on the right way!
Well, as you know, schools are places of learning and also miniature societies. The school climate has a direct impact on both how well students learn and how well they interact with other people. More and more teachers today understand the importance of socialization and try to make their classes more friendly where each student feels involved. But despite these efforts, students who are LGBT continue to face a harsh reality.... May 24,25 Westboro baptist church is planning to stand against tolerance in education system near LGBT-friendly Lawrence High School. They want to "remind this nation that the parents, students, teachers and staff of the high schools celebrate disobedience to God's law." They are just inciting hate riots and violence! Their right to protest infringes on others rights! Personally have had enough of those idiots. Someone should picket them (in return)!! Any volunteers willing to help me drown out their voices of hatred? Please, DM us for more information and we can stop their nonsense - to put them on the right way!
Well, as you know, schools are places of learning and also miniature societies. The school climate has a direct impact on both how well students learn and how well they interact with other people. More and more teachers today understand the importance of socialization and try to make their classes more friendly where each student feels involved. But despite these efforts, students who are LGBT continue to face a harsh reality.... May 24,25 Westboro baptist church is planning to stand against tolerance in education system near LGBT-friendly Lawrence High School. They want to "remind this nation that the parents, students, teachers and staff of the high schools celebrate disobedience to God's law." They are just inciting hate riots and violence! Their right to protest infringes on others rights! Personally have had enough of those idiots. Someone should picket them (in return)!! Any volunteers willing to help me drown out their voices of hatred? Please, DM us for more information and we can stop their nonsense - to put them on the right way!
Well, as you know, schools are places of learning and also miniature societies. The school climate has a direct impact on both how well students learn and how well they interact with other people. More and more teachers today understand the importance of socialization and try to make their classes more friendly where each student feels involved. But despite these efforts, students who are LGBT continue to face a harsh reality.... May 24,25 Westboro baptist church is planning to stand against tolerance in education system near LGBT-friendly Lawrence High School. They want to "remind this nation that the parents, students, teachers and staff of the high schools celebrate disobedience to God's law." They are just inciting hate riots and violence! Their right to protest infringes on others rights! Personally have had enough of those idiots. Someone should picket them (in return)!! Any volunteers willing to help me drown out their voices of hatred? Please, DM us for more information and we can stop their nonsense - to put them on the right way!
LGBT United mourns the attack on Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Florida. Orlando Memorial Rally
"...the man of my dreams is a girl." ? Julie Anne Peters #lesbian #queerquote #dream
Hate does seem to be a Christian ideal.... 3rd federal court case seeks to block Mississippi LGBT law A diverse group of gay, straight and transgender people have filed the third federal court challenge seeking to block a Mississippi law that lets clerks cite religious beliefs to recuse themselves from issuing marriage licenses to same- sex couples. The lawsuit filed Friday says House Bill 1523 violates the separation of church and state by favoring "certain narrow religious beliefs that condemn same-sex couples who get married, condemn unmarried people who have sexual relations and condemn transgender people." How many times do we have to do this? Your BELIEFS don't supersede my RIGHTS!! You just want to use your religious beliefs as an excuse to deliberately harm others and have no consequences for doing so! You can believe whatever you wish, but you cannot use those beliefs to deny me my rights!
Well, as you know, schools are places of learning and also miniature societies. The school climate has a direct impact on both how well students learn and how well they interact with other people. More and more teachers today understand the importance of socialization and try to make their classes more friendly where each student feels involved. But despite these efforts, students who are LGBT continue to face a harsh reality.... May 24,25 Westboro baptist church is planning to stand against tolerance in education system near LGBT-friendly Lawrence High School. They want to "remind this nation that the parents, students, teachers and staff of the high schools celebrate disobedience to God's law." They are just inciting hate riots and violence! Their right to protest infringes on others rights! Personally have had enough of those assholes. Someone should picket them (in return)!! Any volunteers willing to help me drown out their voices of hatred? Please, DM us for more information and we can stop their nonsense - to put them on the right way!
THIS IS WHAT RUBY ROSE THINKS OF GIRLS WHO TELL HER THEY'VE 'TURNED THEM GAY' Ruby Rose has recently shared her opinion on the people saying that she "turned them gay". She gets hundreds of flirty messages every day and she laughs at the idea that changes someone's sexuality. Roby Rose thinks that it's not possible to change someone's sexuality because it's something you're born with and it's not changeable. I agree with her! Unfortunately, bigots like to say that homosexuality is a choice, so it can be "cured". Just like Ben Carson thinks that you're choosing to be gay and the prison is the proof of that. These ideas lead to thousands of broken lives. Why is it so hard to accept the fact that we were born this way?!
Common ? normal - Heterosexuality is not normal, it is just common - Catcalling is not normal, it is just common - Having long hair as a girl is not normal, it is just common common ? normal
ABOUT 15,500 TRANS PEOPLE ACTIVELY SERVE IN THE MILITARY. It's estimated that over 134000 American veterans are transgender. Not long ago these people were forced into hiding. As a result, many were unable treatments for their gender dysphoria, a state of emotional distress caused by how the gender someone was designated at birth conflicts with their gender identity. Coming out as transgender requires telling everyone in your life about you and enduring the consequences which often means the loss of family, lifelong friends, your job, and being the subject of ridicule, discrimination, and often violence. No one makes the decision easily and no one transitions unless they have to do so. Transphobic slur of stupid politicians like GOP presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee seeking to tremendous efforts of transgender community who are still struggle for equal rights. We know how easily bigots and fools who has power are able to reverse progressive changes for their own benefit. We can't let that happen! These people know what it means to be Transgender and know what it is to serve in our Armed Forces. We respect their opinion in both of these areas, especially over those of Governor Huckabee who has not experienced or accomplished either. #transgender #military #equality #transphobia #mikehackabee
Oh God! Just remember: you know you're doing something right when all the bigots and racist idiots are angry with you... For decades, conservative Christians who oppose LGBT equality have singled out the federal government or secular atheists as their preferred enemy in public settings, blasting both groups for supposedly attacking "traditional marriage" or infringing on their religious liberty. Yet in the months surrounding the recent U.S. Supreme Court decision to legalize same-sex marriage across the country, right-wing Christians have become increasingly willing to cast blame — seemingly hypocritically — on a group they have often dismissed or outright ignored: Progressive Christians, especially those who support marriage equality. I believe religions should teach love, they must stop teaching hatred! And noticed while progressive Christians are constantly under attack from conservative Christians, they're not the ones screaming "persecution". They are just tired of the persecution.
Oh happy day! More and more of the "morally superior" cult members tripping over their sex scandals! Former Archbishop John Neinstedt is "dumbfounded" by allegations that he frequented gay clubs, used " poppers," and made sexual advances on men. Neinstedt has called homosexuality "evil' in the past, and thinks equal marriage laws are a Satanic "man-made experiment' that would harm children. Oh, look at this! So much for humility... just another poor white Christian "victim"! His Assholiness can play dumb for just so long before it all comes out in the open..
CAITLYN JENNER:"TRANS PEOPLE DESERVE YOUR RESPECT' Caitlyn accepted the Arthur Ashe Courage Award at the 2015 ESPY Awards. Caitlyn is amazing! It was her first public appearance since announcing her decision to transition. And her speech brought me to tears. It was very touching and thought provoking. She spoke about her own personal experience so far as a transgender woman. But she also dedicated a significant percentage of her speech to a thoughtful and touching discussion of the vast number of issues facing the larger transgender community. In her past life Caitlyn was known worldwide as a sports hero. Today she is an American hero of a great courage. Because it takes courage to stand up and do everything she has done and is doing. #CaitlynJenner #transgender #equality #ESPY
FEMALE SOCCER PLAYERS GET MARRIED, HAVE PERFECT MESSAGE FOR HATERS! Meet professional soccer players Erin McLeod and Ella Masar, who play for Houston Dash in the National Women's Soccer League. The long-time partners married this week; just days after the end of the Women's World Cup. Along with sincere congratulations, the couple also received plenty of negative messages; from people who didn't think two women should get married. Masar had this perfect message for those people. In spite of all their hatred her message is full of love because love wins despite any obstacles: "Thank you for praying for me and reinforcing my own prayers because as you pray, "Lord please help Ella, allow her to see her sin for loving that woman, for respecting her, being faithful, honoring her, etc ..." Know I am saying the same thing; "my Heavenly Father, thank you for allowing me find my better half; for finding someone that strengthens my faith and allows me to be the person I always imagined. Thank you for teaching me what truly loving someone and others is all about. amen." Congratulations, you two! We hope you both have a full and wonderful life together! #Igbt #lovewins #MarriageEquality #lesbians
Miley Cyrus Wants to Marry Her Girlfriend Stella Maxwell The 22-year-old Bangerz singer and 24-year-old Victoria's Secret model Stella Maxwell have reportedly been dating since they met on Instagram in April. While it's only been a few months, they're ready to take the next step. Miley's told friends that Stella is the one. And she wants to make a huge statement with an over-the-top wedding in the fall! She can't stop talking about how in love she is and how she wants the whole world to know... Miley came out as bisexual recently, not all of her relationships have been "straight, heterosexual" ones. She also told Paper magazine how she came out to her mom when she was 14, saying, "I remember telling her I admire women in a different way. And she asked me what that meant. And I said, 'I love them. I love them like I love boys."' We hope Miley can move on from the wrecking balls and think about wedding bells once she's ready!
BACK IN LOVE! CAITLYN JENNER REPORTEDLY DATING FELLOW TRANSGENDER WOMAN CANDIS CAYNE It looks like 65-year-old reality TV star Caitlyn Jenner has found love again. After getting divorced from Kris Jenner earlier this year, Caitlyn has not been linked with any love interest. According to reports, she is now dating Candis Cayne, 44, an actress and a fellow transgender woman. Caitlyn and Candis had amazing chemistry. After her monumental life change, Caitlyn's ready to open up her heart again and really, how could you ask for a more perfect fit as a romantic partner than Candis? She's been basically through the same struggles and confusion, so she'd be the perfect person for Caitlyn to lean on as she continues her journey of transition. Candis is smart, funny, talented and drop-dead sexy!
CONGRATS TO ALL THE GAY COUPLES!: After a long fight, you have your much deserved rights! Same-sex married couples can start applying for Social Security and veterans benefits in all 50 states even though there are still issues to fix as the federal government works to implement the Supreme Court ruling allowing gay couples to marry nationwide. It is good to be happy! Maybe one day our rights won't be determined based on what group we belong to. Until then some will be more equal than others. I think as long as government provides special benefits to married people; all citizens should have equal access to those benefits, regardless of whom they love:
NOM'S LAST ATTEMPT TO BAN SAME SEX MARRIAGE National Organization for Marriage is asking all of the GOP presidential candidates to sign an anti-equality pledge. Let's take a look at just how crazy this pledge gets. That's just nuts! They want candidates to support a constitutional amendment to ban marriage nationwide. This will never happen. For the last decade public support for marriage equality has gone from 35 percent to 55 percent! But they don't stop there. NOM also wants candidates to "work to overturn any Supreme Court decision" in favor of the freedom to marry. NOM wants the president to only nominate judges who will uphold marriage bans, but at this point, legal consensus so strongly supports marriage equality that supporting marriage bans is a sign that person isn't qualified to be a judge. Also, NOM wants the candidates to weaken civil rights laws, creating loopholes to let companies and citizens to discriminate if they cite a religious justification. That could actually happen — and it already has in some states — so it's a huge concern. And fifth, they want the Department of Justice to investigate harassment against people who oppose marriage equality. Sure, gays and lesbians are harassed every day, fired, kicked out of their homes and schools, separated from their families, but I really hope soon there'll be NO MORE of it! There's a part of me that feels very sad for NOM's fanatics. When they finally kick the bucket, they'll be dealing with the reality (whether they openly face it or not) that their Life's Work has amounted to NOTHING. Nothing they worked for made anyone's life better. At all. They didn't win, and they wasted their lives fighting against the inevitable. And when they're dead and gone, they'll be remembered only as footnotes in shameful history — or more likely they'll be forgotten completely. #LGBT #NOM #SameSexMarriage #Marriage #SCOTUS #equality
RUBY ROSE SHARING THOUGHTS ABOUT GENDER FLUIDITY. Ruby Rose has long been the celebrity crush of lesbians the world over. But now that she's a star in 'Orange is the New Black', the popularity of this model, actress, and VJ has grown worldwide. "Gender fluidity is not really feeling like you're at one end of the spectrum or the other. For the most part, I definitely don't identify as any gender," - Rose said; - "I'm not a guy; I don't really feel like a woman, but obviously I was born one. As a little kid, I was convinced that I was a guy. Then in my teens, I tried to be quite feminine...And after a little bit, chopped everything off and am kind of back where I started. So, I'm somewhere in the middle, which - in my perfect imagination - is like having the best of both sexes." #Igbt #RubyRose #GenderFluidity #lesbian #OrangelsTheNewBlack
Pete Buttigieg is South Bend's 32nd mayor and America's youngest mayor of a city of over 100,000 residents. Recently Buttigieg came out publicly as gay. In life and in service, people like Pete is an inspiration for us all! #Igbt #QueerQuote #USpolitics #Indiana #ComingOut #Buttigieg
The ninth transgender was found death in the USA Transgender teen Mercedes Williamson was found dead in a wooded area. She is the ninth confirmed transgender homicide victim in the USA this year. Police in George County. Mississippi have charged a suspect Josh Brandon Vallum. Police said that Mercedes and Josh knew each other, but it is not clear if Vallum knew Williamson was a transgender. Jeanie Miller, whom Williamson had been living with, said that Vallum knew that Williamson was transgender. Modern America is too dangerous for transgenders. This is the ninth transgender killing based on gender identity. According to the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs' report hate-motivated violence against transgenders rose 13%. Unfortunately, it is very difficult to live as a transgender in the South. Alabama even passed a religious freedom law in 1998 that allows discrimination against LGBT people. That also allows lawmakers to justify hostility toward transgender people. And that we call `freedom'? America is no longer land of freedom!
Matt Cage comes out as gay The pro wrestler Matt Cage, known as 'Money' publicly announced that he is gay in a Facebook post. Previously Matt Hullum identified himself as bisexual. Sorry, ladies. I'm officially pulling myself off of the market. Don't hate me too bad.' 'I truly have nothing to hide anymore,' he wrote. 'I spent the majority of my life lying, hiding and depressed because I felt like I couldn't truly be who I wanted to be and live freely as I saw fit. I had to act and that's not me. I, nor anyone else, should have to do that.' Matt decided to tell the truth publicly because of speculation that was going behind his back. This news should please all progressive humanity because the coming-out once again confirms the fact that homosexuality and masculinity are a perfect combination and do not contradict each other.
First LGBT studies course opens in a San Francisco high school A San Francisco high school may be the first US school to offer an LGBT studies course. The course will teach terminology and the history of LGBT movement. "We'll look at what it's been like for gay men, what it's been like for lesbian women, what it's been like for transgender people," Ruth Asawa High School Social Studies teacher Lyndsey Schlax told. Schlax has been working with Cleve Jones, a human rights activist, who was mentored by Harvey Milk. It is proposed that the class will begin in autumn. Really perfect idea! There are at least twenty eight percent of LGBT students in Asawa High School. It is the fact that we need such classes in every American school! Children shouldn't be afraid to show who they are; they shouldn't be afraid to speak about LGBT history; they should know that it is normal to be gay or lesbian or transgender. Everybody should be taught to understand LGBT people and recognize them as ordinary citizens.
Good morning, dear friends! Have a tasty and colorful morning! All you need is love, coffee and rainbow dishes!
Silent no more: we deserve equal rights! This photo of gay rights protest was made in New York in 1971. These are early days in the fight for gay rights.
California Attorney General ruled against the execution of gays and lesbians A California judge argued against a proposed initiative about the execution of gay and lesbian people, naming this measure "unconstitutional on its face." The Sodomite Suppression Act proposes that "any person who willingly touches another person of the same gender for purposes of sexual gratification be put to death by bullets to the head or by any other convenient method." The act also will outlaw advocating gay rights to minors. California Attorney General Kamala Harris claimed that the proposal was unconstitutional and it had no place in civil society. The proposal reminds me the Inquisition. We live in a free and tolerate country! So even talks about such an initiative should be immediately stopped. Where is our President? Stop considering gays as naughty and not like all the others. We are all equal. Despite all the arguments that the opponents of gay marriage call, polls show that the majority of Americans stand for gay marriages. Why not to hold a referendum as the Irish did? Why we should listen to conservatives?
"Gay, Lesbian, Bi, and Straight, we are the community and family of God, and we are here knowing God loves us." -Rev. Nathan Baxter #Igbtq #together #community #Gay #Lesbian #Transgender #NatanBaxter
Transgender employees will get health coverage On Tuesday the federal government ordered health insurers to include transition-related health coverage for transgender employees in their plans. "Effective January 1, 2016, no carrier participating in the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program may have a general exclusion of services, drugs or supplies related to gender transition or `sex transformations,"' the new "carrier letter" said. LGBT advocates who have been pressing the administration for change welcomed the news. "With today's announcement, transgender federal employees can now access health care that is so fundamental to their well- being and, in the long-term, will make transgender employees happier and more productive workers," National Center for Transgender Equality Executive Director Mara Keisling told. Yeah, it is really happy news for transgender people! Now the discrimination on coverage for trans people will be ended.
The Journey Begins: Caitlyn Jenner launches weekly blog on LGBT issues The most fabulous trans icon Caitlyn Jenner is a blogger now. She posted the first letter in what is to be a series of personal posts for WhoSay Monday, titled, "The Journey Begins." The blog will be dedicated to become a voice for the LGBT community. "Up until now, I have totally isolated myself from the transgender community so I have a lot of catching up to do," Jenner says. "I feel such a responsibility to this courageous group to try to get it right and tell all sides of the story. To me, that's always the biggest question: am I doing it right?" Finally our community got someone who will represent our position and actually help people struggling with being transgendered, like helping them with surgery, medications and etc. Caitlyn is a real new American hero!
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation.
New LGBT community. Everyday news, updates, coming outs and much more!
New LGBT community. Everyday news, updates, coming outs and much more!
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation. Gender preference does not define you. Your spirit defines you.
Everyday news, updates, coming outs and much more! United we stand!
Everyday news, updates, coming outs and much more! United we stand!
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation. Gender preference does not define you. Your spirit defines you.
Lies about illegal immigration and refugee crisis REVEALED.
America is at risk. To protect our country we need to secure the border.
America is at risk. To protect our country we need to secure the border.
Get a chance to have your say on Muslim immigration without politically censorship.
We are the ones to stop illegal immigrants! Your voice counts.
Facts and news about refugees your government doesn't want you to know. Subscribe!
Secured borders - only salvation of US land!
Secured borders - only salvation of US land!
Secured borders - only salvation of US land!
Secured borders - only salvation of US land!
Secured borders - only salvation of US land!
Every man should stand for our borders! Join!
Every man should stand for our borders! Join!
Every man should stand for our borders! Join!
Every man should stand for our borders! Join!
Every man should stand for our borders! Join!
Null
Illegal immigrants are not only flooding our country with drugs and sinking our economy, they are a major threat to Americas integrity. They don't care about American laws, history and heritage. They just want our money and social benefits. Considering the fact that they multiply like rabbits, soon we will all wear sombreros. We need to stop this invasion.
America is on the brink of economic collapse. Our government's decisions are bringing our country closer and closer to the abyss. Insane amount of tax dollars are being spent on illegal immigration and warfare instead of education, healthcare and Veterans. Our government needs to be put to sleep. We need a new, fresh start. We need a leader who will revive and restore the beauty of America and make it great again, someone with strong moral compass and patriotism in his soul. WE NEED TRUMP!
Obama once again betrays America. Reports indicate that he has just put forth a $1.3 billion budget proposal, to be distributed among 75,000 minors that are expected to cross into the United States this year from Central America. That breaks down to about $17,613 a child—an amount that is significantly higher than what the government gives to Social Security Retirees. According to a report from the Center for Immigration Studies, the average annual SSA retirement benefit for legal citizens is roughly $14,772. As if that weren't enough, the proposal also demands another $2.1 billion for refugees. This just says it all. Again and again he ignores the needs of American citizens, but has no problem taking their hard earned money just give it to people who deserve it the least. I guess Veterans don't need a better social security. Thank you Obama for betraying America.
We simply can't allow Muslims to wear burga, otherwise everybody who wants to commit a crime or terror attack would wear this ugly rug and hide his or hers identity behing it. The risk is too highl Burga and other face covering cloth should be banned from wearing in public!
His failed medical reform and unbelievable national debt is enough to put Obama behind bars. but that's not all. His greatest "accomplishment" is flooding America with countless criminals and giving them all an absolute omnipotence. Thanks to Barack Hussein Obama we have at least one big terror attack each year; not to mention illegals raging out and poisoning our country with drugs. For what he did to America Obama should rot in prison for the rest of his life.
Heart of Texas! Time to secede!
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ, and ur heart
It's been 15 years since the 9/11 and it became clear that extemist terror groups are bein Stop Radical Islam
It's been 15 years since the 9/11 and it became clear that extemist terror groups are bein Stop Radical Islam
It's been 15 years since the 9/11 and it became clear that extemist terror groups are bein Stop Radical Islam
It's been 15 years since the 9/11 and it became clear that extemist terror groups are bein Stop Radical Islam
It's been 15 years since the 9/11 and it became clear that extemist terror groups are bein Stop Radical Islam
Border Patrol agents in South Texas arrested an illegal alien from Honduras that had previously been deported and convicted of Rape Second Degree. Thanks to Obama's and Hillary's policy, illegals come here because they wait for amnesty promised. The wrong course had been chosen by the American government; but all those politicians are too far from the border to see who actually sneaks through it illegally. Rapists, drug dealers, human traffickers; and others. The percent of innocent poor families searching for a better life is too small to become an argument for amnesty and Texas warm welcome.
Hillary Clinton has a 69 percent disapproval rate among all veterans. Indeed, there are many reasons for it. First of all, Benghazi: four people died on her watch and she did not send help. Secondly, Hillary refused to apologize to all veterans, when she has made several remarks about veterans "embellishing" the situation at the VA. Finally, Hillary is the only one politician (except Barack Obama) who is despised by the overwhelming majority of American veterans. If Hillary becomes the President of the US, the American army should be withdrawn from Hillary's control according to the amendments to the Constitution.
Austin's Robert E. Lee Elementary school has a new name: Russell Lee. The Austin School Board voted 8-1 to change the name Monday night.The school board had three name options from which to choose: Russell Lee, a photographer from the school's neighborhood who started UT's photography program. The board approved Russell Lee at the request of the school's Campus Advisory Council. So, what can I say? This is a disgrace for the Texas authorities! I am shocked at the dismantling of southern history. We know that our ancestors fought for our freedom. These names were, are and always will be the part of Texas history. Why is Texas administration willing to do anything what feds say them? Isn't it obvious that the Federal government aims to destroy our history? This is a madness! Therefore, I need to ask you: are you ready to defend our Heritage? The Southern history needs protection now more than ever before!
ONLY TWO DAYS before the Secession Rally. Let's make it HUGE! Join the rally here Download hi h resolution banners to rint them out here
America's slowly but surely shifting towards turning into islamic state. Our president and our government are pro-islamic and don't want America to believe in our one and only Lord Jesus Christ. Texas will never keep step with U.S. Texas stays Christian even when odds are against us.
America's slowly but surely shifting towards turning into islamic state. Our president and our government are pro-islamic and don't want America to believe in our one and only Lord Jesus Christ. Texas will never keep step with U.S. Texas stays Christian even when odds are against us.
America's slowly but surely shifting towards turning into islamic state. Our president and our government are pro-islamic and don't want America to believe in our one and only Lord Jesus Christ. Texas will never keep step with U.S. Texas stays Christian even when odds are against us.
President Barack Obama defended his decision to open up bathrooms to students of both sexes based on preference, citing his religious faith as a reason he decided to do it. "My reading of scripture tells me that that [the] Golden Rule is pretty high up there in terms of my Christian belief," he said during a town hall in Elkhart, Indiana. Obama is nothing more than an ignoramus and provocateur shamelessly mocking the Bible. Thanks God, the national nightmare is almost over. He tries to create as many conflicts among the population as it's possible destroying everything we hold of worth.
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ and ur heart!
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ, and ur heart
Five police officers were killed in an organized attack during the protest in Dallas this Blue Lives Matter
Texas is a free and independent State ... All political power is inherent in the people ... they have at all times the inalienable right to alter their government in such manner as they might think proper. Texas Constitution. 1876
When you live in Texas you know that you are the chosen one!
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ, and ur heart
There are so many reasons to live and love Texas! Join to find out!
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ, and ur heart
This page is about our best state! Lone Star of Blessed America!
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ, and ur heart
Heart of Texas! Time to secede!
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ, and ur heart
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ and ur heart!
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ, and ur heart
Best state in US! News,fun, events! Subscribe!
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ, and ur heart
Best state in US! News,fun, events! Subscribe!
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ, and ur heart
Best state in US! Should I say more?
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ, and ur heart
When you live in Texas you know that you are the chosen one!
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ, and ur heart
This page is about our best state! Lone Star of Blessed America!
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ, and ur heart
Best state in US! Should I say more?
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ, and ur heart
There are so many reasons to live and love Texas! Join to find out!
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ, and ur heart
It's not about the reason, it's all about the time! Texas holds a strong state identity and more conservative ideology than much of the rest of the country. It'll be enough for Texas to woke up and say "We're done with Washington!". Texas has the power to become independent. Hillary's presidency will only become a stronger push for us to secede, but she also can do anything to prevent us from it! Stay conscious y'all!
6 months into legal open carry in Texas: no problems reported. Democrats, gunsense zealots, moms, students, professors and store owners told us that open carry WOULD be a problem, but as it turned out, there wasn't any. Yes, people are scared of people walking up carrying guns. But the truth is they don't realize that there much more people who carry guns illegally. That's why open carry is a guarantee of peace and stability in Texas.
The Library of Islamic Knowledge was officially opened last month in downtown Houston. T Stop Islamization of Texas
Best state in US! Should I say more?
When you live in Texas you know that you are the chosen one!
Heart of Texas! Time to secede!
Texas - homeland of guns, BBQ and ur heart!
Best state in US! News,fun, events! Subscribe!
There are so many reasons to live and love Texas! Join to find out!
This page is about our best state! Lone Star of Blessed America!
It's just ridiculous that we lack money for veterans' healthcare and housing, lack recourses to enforce our border security, but at the same time have enough budget funds to continue this devastating policy of bombing foreign countries. Ordinary Americans get zero profit from oil wars that last for years but don't end. Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan, we've been involved in conflicts in these countries for years, and none of these conflicts gave us anything but growing state debt.
I believe Ron Paul's position on our foreign military policy is absolutely right. After all, it was Trump who promised to put America First and promised to end Obama's policy of wasting budget money on military operations overseas. "We're not going into Syria", Trump said it to calm down those who got really concerned about a possibility of America getting involved into another war. really want to trust these words, but unfortunately many high-ranked politicians want to force Trump to pull America into another war. Here's what Ron Paul thinks about it: "By the end of this month, Defense Secretary James Mattis and National Security Advisor HR McMaster will deliver to President Trump their plans for military escalations in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria. President Trump would be wise to rip the plans up and send his national security team back to the drawing board — or replace them. There is no way another "surge" in Afghanistan and Iraq (plus a new one in Syria) puts America first. There is no way doing the same thing over again will succeed any better than it did the last time." Syria will be just another oil war; Iraq cost our country 4,500 soldier lives, and why the hell are we still in Afghanistan? We've started the whole Afghanistan thing to beat the Soviets, and no there's no Soviet Union on the world map, and all the communists left on this planet are only Chinese and Californian students.
The Obama Administration turned a great idea of fighting terrorism into drawing our country into another regime change venture. Our military presence in Syria now doesn't serve American interests. Our soldiers are there to fight and die for Globalists, Saudis and Israelis, but not for Americans. And that's why we keep on talking about it: this policy is directly opposite to the "America First" concept. I believe Trump can fix it, just like he promised. Sadly days after days and weeks after weeks of Trump's presidency there are no changes in that direction. Israel captured a Syrian region named Golan Heights in 1967, and today this land is internationally considered to be occupied territory. Israelis want to use Trump's influence so the world would acknowledge Israeli sovereignty. Trump is a dealer, and maybe he's trying make a deal out of it, but there's one important thing here: under no circumstances can our soldiers' lives be put at risk for that. So many times during the presidential campaign Trump said "let's bring back our soldiers home", and now it's really time to do it. This is not our war.
Middle East wars are one of the reasons why we are in $20 trillion debt today. We could have solved thousands of economic and security problems by simply rejecting the aggressive military policy we've been having for so long. Iraq war didn't end terrorism, and didn't solve the Islamization problem. If we repeat the same war in Syria, we'll only get the same result: no profit for American citizens and several thousands of dead American soldiers. Globalists, terrorists and Corporations are the only ones who benefit from oil wars.
Our politicians should never forget that. We've been watching our military commandership wasting lives of American soldiers for too long, let's hope it will end now when Trump is in charge. A new Marine Corps artillery unit was sent to assist Syrian opposition in Raqqa, according to Army Maj. Josh T. Jacques, a spokesman for U.S. Central Command. The artillery unit recently replaced about 400 Marines from the 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit, which provided artillery support to Kurdish and Syrian Arab forces expected to launch an offensive against Raqqa. We must deal with ISIS and end the terrorist threat once and for all. Unfortunately that's hardly possible because of the corruption in the Government. The Swamp in DC is still not drained from people like Senator McCain, and that's why our troops not only focus on defeating terrorism, but also getting involved into another regime change venture and possibly another oil war. We're fighting radical Islamists, but we're also siding with Syrian opposition, the very same radical Islamists, and there's absolutely no guarantee that these rebels won't replace ISIS when it's gone. There's only one chance to avoid another Iraq: Trump and the American nation must defeat globalist politicians and the Establishment. All we can do now is to pray for all American soldiers to return back home alive and safe.
The 4 brothers were living in a foster home because they had no parents. 3 of them got lucky and were adopted by a couple. After the last born lived there for 389 days, she was adopted by Jay Hauston, a friend to the first couple who lives in the neighborhood and upon agreement; the kids get to grow up together. #Charityisavirtue #4Adoptedkids #JayHauston
Meet Carlos Morales, the father of quadruplets who raises his children alone after his wife passed away during childbirth. You are my hero!
R.I.P.. Mr. Sharp.
Every citizen should know the rights. Keep on doing what you are doing, Kapl
The government asks us to put a uniform and far away from our homes to drop bombs on innocent people in Syria, while we are treated in America like animals and denied simple human rights, freedom, equality and justice.
How would we feel if another country bombed us for the poisoned water in Flint and for police brutality?
repost @[857553657667666:274:Chakabars]
repost @[1029022833877757:274:Blackslayingit]
What a beautiful moment between father and daughter. #MajorPayneVibes
Donald Trump is NOT your president? Click on his face. Stop Trump and his bigoted agenda! Not My President Blacktivist
JUST WATCH...The face you make when some folk talk of beauty. Her facial expression is priceless.
repost @[1685853058396977:274:Melaninvibez]
Gone but never forgotten! Join to remember fallen brothers!
Shop our full range of sale men's and women's t-shirts. We feature new amazing limited edition t-shirtS with awesome print. https://www.facebook.com/pg/blacktivists/shop/?rid=128371547505950&rt=6 www.facebook.com facebook.com
The best costume for Halloween worth posting. Power to the People!
It's sad to realize that Facebook can teach you more about your ancestors than your school. Know the truth, because it might set you free.
Check out our unapologetically legit T-shirts for the best in comfort, style and price for the whole family. https://www.facebook.com/pg/blacktivists/shop/?rid=128371547505950&rt=6 www.facebook.com facebook.com
Don't be scared to rock your natural hair. Life is short and you only live once on this earth.
Shop now! Select from our collection T-shirts for men and women. https://www.facebook.com/pg/blacktivists/shop/?rid=128371547505950&rt=6 www.facebook.com facebook.com
Fidel Castro always stood for the civil rights movements in America.
Happy Birthday, real American! We believe in you!
Aiyana Jones was only a baby when Officer Joseph Weekley killed her by a single bullet to the head, in Detroit in May 2010. In America, the war comes home with a state-sanctioned violence.
We do not want war or violence. We want egaulity and peace.
Back in 1960, Ruby Bridges became the first black child to attend an all-white elementary school in the South. Despite the fact that a child faced a crowd of angry faces on a daily basis at school, she continued to fight for equality in education.
On February 21, 1965, one week after his home was firebombed, Malcolm X was shot to death while speaking at a rally of his organization in New York City.
The media did not report this story. But we will. This Nigerian Surgeon in Texas Children's Hospital removed a baby from a womb and operated on her tumor returning the baby to her mother's uterus. The baby was born healthy.
It's not about wanting to be someone else. It's about knowing who you are and comfort in your skin.
Our ancestors lived on this land long before Columbus.
Back when natural beauty and having a girl was cool....
Share this gorgeous 86-year-old bride.
Ronald Glasser, who shot and killed football player, was released today with NO CHARGES. Do not even try to ask us why we are mad and in shock.
Abused Killed Overworked Overpoliced Underappreciated Undervalued.... ...Tell and seek the truth
Let's build each other.
Choose peace and vote for Jill Stein. Trust me, it's not a wasted vote.
Back when natural beauty and having a girl was cool....
HOW 2016 HAS BEEN REMEMBERED AND WHAT 2016 HAS TAUGHT US? This boy will make you cry... HOW 2016 HAS BEEN REMEMBERED AND WHAT 2016 HAS TAUGHT US?
In America, you always feel like there is something wrong with being proud of your ethnicity that is often mistaken as hate.
Null
I have a dream...
Stick to your intellect, that's the hardest weapon you got.
FAMILY MEMBERS OF NINE VICTIMS KILLED IN THE MASS SHOOTING INSIDE A SC CHURCH AREN'T PLEASED WITH DONATIONA PAYOUT The family members of South Carolina church massacre victims are upset with the distribution of donations the church has received since June shooting. The Methodist Episcopal Church have decided that the families will have to divide $1.5 million in donations, while they will keep $1.8 million; with plans to make long-needed repairs to the church. For instance, the wife of the Rev. Clementa Pinckney who was among those killed by white shooter Dylan Roof, has not received any of the donation proceeds. Nothing will bring the victims of Charleston massacre back, but this money will help aid in bridging the gap in the loss of an income. Donations are important for these families since they did not receive a cent from the government.
Null
Always remember the fallen! Like to join!
Stop the abuse of power! Together we stand!
Stop the abuse of power! Together we stand!
Don't forget about our brothers. Join our page!
Join to prevent abuse of power! Let's stand for our brothers!
Join to prevent abuse of power! Let's stand for our brothers!
Gone but never forgotten
Secured borders are a national priority. America is at risk now more than ever.
Secured borders are a national priority. America is at risk and we need to protect our...
Secured borders are a national priority. We need to protect America now more than ever.
Secured borders should be a top priority. We need to protect America now more than ever.
Today Americans are able to elect a president with godly moral principles. Hillary is a Satan, and her crimes and lies had proved just how evil she is. And even though Donald Trump isn't a saint by any means, he's at least an honest man and he cares deeply for this country. My vote goes for him!
Today Americans are able to elect a president with godly moral principles. Hillary is a Satan, and her crimes and lies had proved just how evil she is. And even though Donald Trump isn't a saint by any means, he's at least an honest man and he cares deeply for this country. My vote goes for him!
Secured borders are a national priority. America is at risk now more than ever.
Secured borders should be a top priority. We need to protect America now more than ever.
This is a call for love. This is a call for mercy. This is a call for compassion to all those suffering in Syria now. For all the families who were forced out of their homes, for the mothers who had to watch their sons and daughters suffering, for the children who are now orphans because of this terrible wicked war. Words can't heal their pain; our tears won't bring back those who left us already; nothing can console our grief right now. However, we have the duty to save those whose lives are still at risk. For the sake of these people, we have to work to end this terrible war. Unfortunately, we haven't seen much development in this direction. Bombing random targets and going for momentary aims, taking reckless decisions and shifting our focus off crushing terrorists only leads to more casualties among civilians and creates even more suffering. We have to stick to our agenda and work to protect people, launching additional missiles on them won't help. Pray for peace to return to Syria and work sanely to bring this moment closer!
Stop the violence! No more airstrikes in #Syria!
What happened in Manchester is a tragedy beyond description that filled our hearts with inconsolable grief of pain and loss. It makes everything worse that the spirit of hatred is again aimed on all Muslims who in fact have nothing to do with disgusting radicals who organize such gruesome acts. The whole Muslim community condemns terror! Islam would remain the religion of peace no matter how hard those terrorists try to promote the opposite image! These people hurt Islam and the best way we can protect it is the art of compassion and love towards all people suffering at the hands of radicals! Pray for the victims, stay strong and heal this world!
Those duplicitous politicians say they want to end the war in Syria though all they do makes the situation worse and leads to more blood spilled in the Middle East. Unfortunately, many of these hypocrites have infiltrated the American establishment. Such people benefit from regional conflicts and war is nothing more than business for them. It was these people who launched the missiles that never hit no terrorists but led to civilian casualties. It is them who keep receiving money from the same actors who sponsor ISIS and other groups. These people want more American involvement because it means more money for them and they don't care about the terrorists. In fact, radicals really help them increase their bloody income. The only way to resist the corrupt elites is to oppose military actions with no particular aim and promote anti-terrorist agenda! Focus on what's truly important and we will end the war in Syria sooner than you can imagine.
We're organizing two peaceful gatherings to draw public attention to the above-mentioned terrible problem. Our President and Congress must listen to those who granted them power - us, the people. If you also think that there should only be peace, come with us and let's make it happen: Washington; DC: https://www.facebook.com/events/147549059117757/ Manhattan; NY: https://www.facebook.com/events/239129926564203/ Stop war! Stop killing the innocent:
Join
Like if you are against illegal immigration! News and analysis!
Illegal immigrant invasion became the problem of gigantic proportions. More than 18 million illegal immigrants are currently tearing America apart one piece at a time. This unstoppable force is polluting our land, stealing our jobs and receiving insane amounts money for that. 5% of population is committing 40% of all crimes in America. 65% of all drugs are coming through the Mexican border. No good comes from these people. Without them USA would be a lot better. It is just a simple fact.
Illegal immigrant invasion became the problem of gigantic proportions. More than 18 million illegal immigrants are currently tearing America apart one piece at a time. This unstoppable force is polluting our land, stealing our jobs and receiving insane amounts money for that. 5% of population is committing 40% of all crimes in America. 65% of all drugs are coming through the Mexican border. No good comes from these people. Without them USA would be a lot better. It is just a simple fact.
They take your job and money, there is nothing good in illegal immigration! Join!
Not all refugees are good.
They take your job and money! Stop illegal immigration!
They take your job and money! Stop illegal immigration!
They take your job and money! Stop illegal immigration!
Take care of our vets, not illegals. Like to join!
Take care of our vets, not illegals. Like to join!
Stop refugees! Humor and latest news!
Stop refugees! Humor and latest news!
Your voice counts! We are against illegal immigration!
Your voice counts! We are against illegal immigration!
Your voice counts! We are against illegal immigration!
Parasite is an organism that lives in or on another organism and benefits by deriving nutrients at the host's expense. About 20 million parasites live in the United States illegally. They exploit Americans and give nothing in return. Isn't it time to get rid of parasites that are destroying our country?
Parasite is an organism that lives in or on another organism and benefits by deriving nutrients at the host's expense. About 20 million parasites live in the United States illegally. They exploit Americans and give nothing in return. Isn't it time to get rid of parasites that are destroying our country?
This time you need to stay at home!
This time you need to stay at home!
The law is the law. If I commit a crime, I will get ticketed or arrested. Why do illegal aliens break the law, but our government harbors them? Illegals have more benefits than those who shed their blood for America and our freedom. It makes me sick...
We are against illegal immigration! Press like to join!
Donald Trump is afraid that the 2016 general election will be "rigged" against him. There's no doubt he has reasons to think so. Hillary Clinton has already committed voter fraud during the Democrat Iowa Caucus. At the same time, she has already demonstrated that she prefers destroying the nation than losing election. She pledged not to deport illegal aliens. Moreover, it's known that Hillary is going to take in about one million Muslim refugees, if she is president. "I'm telling you, Nov. 8, we'd better be careful, because that election is going to be rigged," Mr. Trump said. "And I hope the Republicans are watching closely or it's going to be taken away from us."
You are not the only one to despise immigration. Join our community!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants!
"They wish you would disbelieve as they disbelieved so you would be alike. So do not take from among them allies until they emigrate for the cause of Allah. But if they turn away, then seize them and kill them wherever you find them and take not from among them any ally or helper."(Qur'an 4:89) This Surah is an evidence of how Syrian refugees respect our culture. If you think that Muslims ignore some Islamic rules, you're wrong. For example, a Muslim in eastern Uganda strangled his Christian wife to death this month for leaving Islam. What would you do if your wife or husband converts to Islam? Probably you would be upset. In the worst case, you would sue for divorce. But I'm sure you would not kill your spouse. That's the difference between our cultures.
Stop refugees! The're taking our jobs!
Stop refugees! The're taking our jobs!
Stop refugees! The're taking our jobs!
Stop refugees! The're taking our jobs!
Stop refugees! They're taking our jobs!
News is telling you enough about good refugees. We take on bad ones.
Like if you are against illegal immigration!
There is no place for political correctness, join to say what YOU think!
There is no place for political correctness, join to say what YOU think!
There is no place for political correctness, join to say what YOU think!
Your voice counts! Stop illegal immigration!
Facts and news about refugees your government doesn't want you to know. Join!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants
This is become a real problem! Stop refugees!
This is become a real problem! Stop refugees!
German Police arrested a 27-year-old man after he stabbed four people at a train station located near Munich early Tuesday morning. He killed a 50-year-old man and injured three other men. Witnesses claim the man screamed "Allah Akbar" during the attack, but liberal officials think the suspect had no Islamist motive.
News is telling you enough about good refugees. We take on bad ones.
Stop refugees! Humor and latest news!
Stop refugees! Humor and latest news!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants! Like to join!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants! Like to join!
Congressional Republicans voted on Thursday to make it more difficult for refugees from Syria and Iraq to come to the US as the fallout from last Friday's Isis terrorist attacks in Paris continues. In addition, more than half of the US's governors have said they will no longer provide placement for Syrian refugees, arguing that they pose too great a risk to national security. New Jersey governor and Republican presidential candidate Chris Christie has said his state will not take in any refugees — "not even orphans under the age of five". Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal has said he has directed state police to "track" the Syrian refugees in his state, something his state police have played down. GOP presidential hopefuls Ted Cruz and Jeb Bush have suggested the US government prioritize Christian refugees. Barack Obama has pledged to veto the legislation, and has condemned the anti-refugee comments as "un-American", but experts worry the backlash could have dangerous consequences if these claims go unchecked. The stories you need to read, in one handy email Read more "Sowing fear of refugees is exactly the kind of response groups like Isis are seeking," said lain Levine, deputy executive director for program at Human Rights Watch, on Thursday. "Yes, governments need to bring order to refugee processing and weed out militant extremists, but now more than ever they also need to stand with people uprooted from their homes by ideologies of hatred and help them find real protection." http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/nov/19/syrian-refugees-in-america- fact-from-fiction-congress Obama has condemned more than half of the US's governors as `un-American' for saying they will no longer provide placement for Syrian refugees. Who is right? Syrian refugees in America: separating fact from fiction in the debate Stop A.1.
1 cannot understand why democrats encourage breaking the law. They harbor illegal aliens who are breaking our immigration and labor laws. They praise rioters and vandals... What's wrong with them?
America is deceased. Islamic terror has penetrated our homeland and now spreads at a threw Remember Victims Of Islamic Terror
We are under attack. Even there is no open action the war has already started. The enemy is smart and ruthless. We are losing so far, because our leader is one of them. Obama has betrayed America and now he is just executing orders of his bosses. Obama was always a mere pawn in the hands of Arabian Sheikhs. His latest orders are just proving it. All these refugees, which we are about to take in, are soldiers with one simple goal. They are going to try to terrorize the nation until it agrees to convert. To win this war we need to gather our forces and elect a leader, who loves America as much as we do and is willing to do everything it takes to protect it. I believe that only Trump is strong enough to overpower this snake of an enemy and choke it to death. We are at war gentlemen! We need to act fast!
We are under attack. Even there is no open action the war has already started. The enemy is smart and ruthless. We are losing so far, because our leader is one of them. Obama has betrayed America and now he is just executing orders of his bosses. Obama was always a mere pawn in the hands of Arabian Sheikhs. His latest orders are just proving it. All these refugees, which we are about to take in, are soldiers with one simple goal. They are going to try to terrorize the nation until it agrees to convert. To win this war we need to gather our forces and elect a leader, who loves America as much as we do and is willing to do everything it takes to protect it. I believe that only Trump is strong enough to overpower this snake of an enemy and choke it to death. We are at war gentlemen! We need to act fast!
Take care of our vets, not illegals. Like to join!
Take care of our vets, not illegals. Like to join!
Close the borders until it's too late. Like to join!
Close the borders until it's too late. Like to join!
Close the borders until it's too late. Like to join!
Close the borders until it's too late. Like to join!
Close the borders until it's too late. Like to join!
Close the borders until it's too late. Like to join!
Close the borders until it's too late. Like to join!
Close the borders until it's too late. Like to join!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants! Like to join!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants! Like to join!
Close the borders until it's too late. Like to join!
Close the borders until it's too late. Like to join!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants! Like to join!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants! Like to join!
Take care of our vets, not illegals. Like to join!
Take care of our vets, not illegals. Like to join!
Take care of our vets, not illegals. Like to join!
Take care of our vets, not illegals. Like to join!
Take care of our vets, not illegals. Like to join!
Take care of our vets, not illegals. Like to join!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants! Like to join!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants! Like to join!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants! Like to join!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants! Like to join!
There is nothing good in illegal immigration! Press Like to Join!
There is nothing good in illegal immigration! Press Like to Join!
There is nothing good in illegal immigration! Press Like to Join!
News is telling you enough about good refugees. We take on bad ones.
News is telling you enough about good refugees. We take on bad ones.
News is telling you enough about good refugees. We take on bad ones.
You are not the only one to despise immigration. Join our community!
You are not the only one to despise immigration. Join our community!
You are not the only one to despise immigration. Join our community!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants!
This page is dedicated to protection against illegal immigrants!
Your home is your home, stop invading!
Your home is your home, stop invading!
Stop refugees! Humor and latest news!
Stop refugees! Humor and latest news!
Stop refugees! The're taking our jobs!
Stop refugees! They're taking our jobs!
Stop refugees! They're taking our jobs!
This time you need to stay at home!
This time you need to stay at home!
This time you need to stay at home!
This time you need to stay at home!
Anti-immigration is the only salvation!
Anti-immigration is the only salvation!
This is become a real problem! Stop refugees!
This is become a real problem! Stop refugees!
Your home is your home, stop invading!
Your home is your home, stop invading!
Anti-immigration is the only salvation!
Anti-immigration is the only salvation!
Anti-immigration is the only salvation!
Anti-immigration is the only salvation!
Your home is your home, stop invading!
Your home is your home, stop invading!
This is become a real problem! Stop refugees!
This is become a real problem! Stop refugees!
This time you need to stay at home!
This time you need to stay at home!
Your home is your home, stop invading!
Your home is your home, stop invading!
Stop refugees! The're taking our jobs!
Stop refugees! The're taking our jobs!
Anti-immigration is the only salvation!
Anti-immigration is the only salvation!
Stop refugees! Humor and latest news!
Stop refugees! Humor and latest news!
This is become a real problem! Stop refugees!
This is become a real problem! Stop refugees!
Click Watch More to join us! Let's fight against police brutality together! donotshoot.us Donotshoot.us Don't Shoot
A new disturbing dashcam video from May 2013 is shining light on what happened the night a Chicago. The video shows how officers, Michelle Morsi-Murphy and Jose Lopez, brutalized Rev. Catherine Brown. Brown was driving back home; when Morsi- Murphy jumped out of the car and approached her yelling curse words and demanding she move the vehicle back. When Brown reached for her license; Lopez pointed a gun at her head. Moreover, Lopez WAS LAUGHTING at poor Brown; who was beat and pepper-sprayed by police. Brown is not the only victim, her kids had suffered from pepper spray too. The US police is just insane. What's the problem with peaceful arrest? Why the hell they treat us as animals? This will not stop until cops are held personally and financially responsible for their actions. Could you imagine, if soldiers acted like this towards civilians in a combat zone? 100% it would be treated as a war crime. So why do we have another attitude to people in blue?
Stop police brutality! Join our meeting on 21 st April! April 21 Student Day of Action to #StopPoliceTerror
Don't shoot we want to grow up! Against police brutality!
Stop police brutality! Join our meeting on 21 st April! April 21 Student Day of Action to #StopPoliceTerror
Against social injustice and police brutality!
Help us to stop police brutality! Every university in CA and WI will attend! April 21 Student Day of Action to #StopPoliceTerror
Every voice counts! Join us and stop police brutality! April 21 Student Day of Action to #StopPoliceTerror
Stop police brutality! Join our meeting on 21 st April! April 21 Student Day of Action to #StopPoliceTerror
Help us to stop police brutality! Every university in CA and WI will attend! April 21 Student Day of Action to #StopPoliceTerror
Join our rally against police terror together with California's Universities! April 21 Student Day of Action to #StopPoliceTerror
Help us to stop police brutality! Every university in CA and WI will attend! April 21 Student Day of Action to #StopPoliceTerror
Every voice counts! Join us and stop police brutality! April 21 Student Day of Action to #StopPoliceTerror
Don't shoot we want to grow up!
Join our rally against police terror together with California's Universities! -
Null
St. Louis is too beautiful for injustice and unfairness that the city face for the past few decades.
Don't you think that it's time to bring the cops down? They have been demonstrating their misconduct for so long that now WE have to make them understand how it feels to watch somebody breaking the rules and be unable to do anything about it. If we remain silent and don't show these assholes that we are not going to tolerate #policebrutality, the officers will continue to think that they are above the law. F**k the police!
Don't you think that it's time to bring the cops down? They have been demonstrating their misconduct for so long that now WE have to make them understand how it feels to watch somebody breaking the rules and be unable to do anything about it. If we remain silent and don't show these assholes that we are not going to tolerate #policebrutality, the officers will continue to think that they are above the law. F**k the police!
Do you know what is inspiring about this homeless arrested by cops? Just look how he acts during the detention! That's awesome!!! http://donotshoot.us/692-homeless-got-arrested-and-tasered-for-cops-fun/
NO CRIME SHOULD BE HIDDEN! Visit our website http://DoNotShoot.Us for exclusive updates and breaking news!
Is that justice? Public officials assaulted a man without any consequences. How and why does the government allow it?
Is that justice? Public officials assaulted a man without any consequences. How and why does the government allow it?
Is that justice? Public officials assaulted a man without any consequences. How and why does the government allow it?
Everyday we watch, read and receive news of police beating, assaulting, and killing innocent people. These videos and instances have become so common that people are rarely shocked by even the most brutal of cases. We were wondering how long time would it take to make people fighting back? So now, karma's coming back for blue pigs! A shocking video was shared on social media Tuesday showing two police officers being attacked. Two unidentified men were seen beating up the two officers for seemingly no reason. The incident occurred Monday afternoon in Northeast Philadelphia after two school police officers were called to break up a fight outside of a local pizza shop. As we can see police couldn't stop the fight. Now we see what kind of police do we have. Those cops are slow weak doughnuts, who can do literally nothing without using their guns. Cops can blame themselves when shit like this happens. They live by their own laws, they can break your arms and legs, torture you with chemical and electrical ways, rape or even kill you "doing their job." All those things and more are well within departmental policy. So I'd rather give a fight for my rights than ignore the fact our country becoming a Nazi States of America. Look around, the only other thing that will happen is that people will whine about it, but will ultimately do nothing to actively stop this behavior, and this is why cops are so violent now. If we want to stop it, we should fight as our ancestors did it for centuries. Take out a few dozen cops and the rest will change. Amen.
Everyday we watch, read and receive news of police beating, assaulting, and killing innocent people. These videos and instances have become so common that people are rarely shocked by even the most brutal of cases. We were wondering how long time would it take to make people fighting back? So now, karma's coming back for blue pigs! A shocking video was shared on social media Tuesday showing two police officers being attacked. Two unidentified men were seen beating up the two officers for seemingly no reason. The incident occurred Monday afternoon in Northeast Philadelphia after two school police officers were called to break up a fight outside of a local pizza shop. As we can see police couldn't stop the fight. Now we see what kind of police do we have. Those cops are slow weak doughnuts, who can do literally nothing without using their guns. Cops can blame themselves when shit like this happens. They live by their own laws, they can break your arms and legs, torture you with chemical and electrical ways, rape or even kill you "doing their job." All those things and more are well within departmental policy. So I'd rather give a fight for my rights than ignore the fact our country becoming a Nazi States of America. Look around, the only other thing that will happen is that people will whine about it, but will ultimately do nothing to actively stop this behavior, and this is why cops are so violent now. If we want to stop it, we should fight as our ancestors did it for centuries. Take out a few dozen cops and the rest will change. Amen.
Everyday we watch, read and receive news of police beating, assaulting, and killing innocent people. These videos and instances have become so common that people are rarely shocked by even the most brutal of cases. We were wondering how long time would it take to make people fighting back? So now, karma's coming back for blue pigs! A shocking video was shared on social media Tuesday showing two police officers being attacked. Two unidentified men were seen beating up the two officers for seemingly no reason. The incident occurred Monday afternoon in Northeast Philadelphia after two school police officers were called to break up a fight outside of a local pizza shop. As we can see police couldn't stop the fight. Now we see what kind of police do we have. Those cops are slow weak doughnuts, who can do literally nothing without using their guns. Cops can blame themselves when shit like this happens. They live by their own laws, they can break your arms and legs, torture you with chemical and electrical ways, rape or even kill you "doing their job." All those things and more are well within departmental policy. So I'd rather give a fight for my rights than ignore the fact our country becoming a Nazi States of America. Look around, the only other thing that will happen is that people will whine about it, but will ultimately do nothing to actively stop this behavior, and this is why cops are so violent now. If we want to stop it, we should fight as our ancestors did it for centuries. Take out a few dozen cops and the rest will change. Amen.
Rookie Florida cop arrested, fired after being caught on video beating up handcuffed strip club employee Video shows probationary patrol officer Akinyemi Borisade repeatedly hitting 31-year-old Mayra Martinez on Wednesday at the Duval County jail. Man; there were so many ways to fix the situation without resorting to use excessive force. The worst part of it is how everyone just stands around nonchalantly.? People who support cops and belive in good cops, please tell me why the hell a bunch of cops just stand and watch how another cop beating a woman??? How??? How can we respect law enforcement, if they act like that? If you want my respect, STOP SHOOTING AND BEATING THE CITIZENS YOU SWORE TO PROTECTT. ? IF U AGREE
Rookie Florida cop arrested, fired after being caught on video beating up handcuffed strip club employee Video shows probationary patrol officer Akinyemi Borisade repeatedly hitting 31-year-old Mayra Martinez on Wednesday at the Duval County jail. Man; there were so many ways to fix the situation without resorting to use excessive force. The worst part of it is how everyone just stands around nonchalantly.? People who support cops and belive in good cops, please tell me why the hell a bunch of cops just stand and watch how another cop beating a woman??? How??? How can we respect law enforcement, if they act like that? If you want my respect, STOP SHOOTING AND BEATING THE CITIZENS YOU SWORE TO PROTECTT. ? IF U AGREE
Rookie Florida cop arrested, fired after being caught on video beating up handcuffed strip club employee Video shows probationary patrol officer Akinyemi Borisade repeatedly hitting 31-year-old Mayra Martinez on Wednesday at the Duval County jail. Man, there were so many ways to fix the situation without resorting to use excessive force. The worst part of it is how everyone just stands around nonchalantly.? People who support cops and belive in good cops, please tell me why the hell a bunch of cops just stand and watch how another cop beating a woman??? How??? How can we respect law enforcement, if they act like that? If you want my respect, STOP SHOOTING AND BEATING THE CITIZENS YOU SWORE TO PROTECT!!! ? IF U AGREE
MARCH/PROTEST
MARCH/PROTEST
Horrifying video shows inmate being shocked three times with a stun gun Recently released video shows the moment officers shot 24-year-old Brandon Bethea with a stun gun as he was in a jail cell. Jail officers said Bethea had threatened them and that's why he was hit with a stun gun but I guess cops didn't know the camera was recording them. FIVE OFFICERS stood over Bethea and just watching how Clark pulled the trigger two more times. As usual, no charges were ever filed against the officers involved in Bethea's death. There is no doubt that Bethea was murdered. Have you noticed that it took 20 minutes passed by before another officer summoned a nurse and they attempted to revive Bethea. All of bastard cops who were there should be in prison for murder. America, it's not a black or white problem... but a blue one.
A 15-year-old teenager was assaulted by an off-duty officer during a violent brawl. Our jaws dropped when we saw the horrific moments of the boy being forcibly pushed in the chest by the cop, which sent the teen flying backward by shoving him to the ground. Full story: http://goo.glNoEMV1
A man misidentified by a cop was violently body slammed to the ground and punched in the face. The bizarre incident occurred at the playground at the moment when the man was trying to pick up his child. Let's make these cop famous!? + Comment + Share this video with your friends and family. Full story: http://bit.ly/1 RORcAP
A man misidentified by a cop was violently body slammed to the ground and punched in the face. The bizarre incident occurred at the playground at the moment when the man was trying to pick up his child. Let's make these cop famous!? + Comment + Share this video with your friends and family. Full story: http://bit.ly/1 RORcAP
Clark Dickson. a veteran Seattle police department officer, punched a homeless 21-year-old man in the head and remained unpunished. The cop said that his misconduct was "justified" because the man had spit at him. Almost one year after the incident. the footage showing the punch was released. Personally. I didn't notice in the video the suspect spitting at Dickson. However; the police department didn't consider it necessary to punish the cop. The only penalty he got was a suspension without pay for 1 day. Is it really enough for excessive force use?
Clark Dickson. a veteran Seattle police department officer, punched a homeless 21-year-old man in the head and remained unpunished. The cop said that his misconduct was "justified" because the man had spit at him. Almost one year after the incident. the footage showing the punch was released. Personally. I didn't notice in the video the suspect spitting at Dickson. However; the police department didn't consider it necessary to punish the cop. The only penalty he got was a suspension without pay for 1 day. Is it really enough for excessive force use?
Clark Dickson. a veteran Seattle police department officer, punched a homeless 21-year-old man in the head and remained unpunished. The cop said that his misconduct was "justified" because the man had spit at him. Almost one year after the incident. the footage showing the punch was released. Personally. I didn't notice in the video the suspect spitting at Dickson. However; the police department didn't consider it necessary to punish the cop. The only penalty he got was a suspension without pay for 1 day. Is it really enough for excessive force use?
Guess who can be dirty and racists at the same time? That's right - bad cops! Instead of protect and serve citizens, they attack disable people. Thanks to cell phone cameras, we have a chance to show to the world a real face of the US police. A video clip uploaded to Facebook shows an officer attempting to throw a man from his wheelchair and into the street until someone rushes over to intervene. Also I'd love to know the point of cops rights defenders: what would you say about another "good cop," who's turning his head as if he didn't see his partner attempt to hurt the man in wheelchair? Good cops keep silence, huh? Such incidents can't happen again, we need to get cops that can't handle their tempers off of the streets. Guys, what do you think about it? How disgusting this officer's actions were?
Dear Don't Shooters, as you know we aim to empower and encourage people to take action in struggle for social justice. "Unite and fight against police brutality!" - that's our moto. From time to time we receive messages like "why you do not talk about good cops?" Well, I guess it's time to answer the question... As the nation has been torn apart by police violence and abuse, we have begun to wonder whether there are any good cops at all. Do they exist? Where are these legendary "good cops"? Sad, but according to our research good cops are threatened with extinction. After sleepless nights with coffee and YouTube search we finally found a great example of a GOOD COP. Please welcome - Mr. Right Officer, who comes to the suspect's aid, not once, not twice, but at least three times physically stopping the arresting officer from abusing the suspect. If you think that all cops SHOULD take a stand like this, then help us SPREAD THE WORD!
It feels like cops arrest people only to bully and abuse them. Well, police has never about safety...here's the proof. Read the full article ? http://bit.ly/lTK7MGG ? Don't Shoot
Retired tennis star James Blake was mistaken for a suspect, slammed to the ground and handcuffed by plainclothes members of the NYPD outside his hotel on September, 2015. The scary incident shocked not only Blake's fans, but thousands of people who stand up against the horrors of police brutality in America. Read more: http://bit.ly/1 ZMkBVq
Did you see this? Damn... We lost count of how many mentally ill citizens were murdered during encounters with violent cops. Here is another woman suffering from mental illness. Full story: http://bit.ly/10rglhk
Did you see this? Damn... We lost count of how many mentally ill citizens were murdered during encounters with violent cops. Here is another woman suffering from mental illness. Full story: http://bit.ly/lOrglhk
Land of the fees and home of the police brutality... Full story: http://bit.ly/lTEKTVv
That's a crazy police brutality caught on camera in Savannah. Georgia. A girl was violently beaten by cop.
That's how the Delaware state police raids look like. I would be scared to have such "guests".
Disturbing video of the fatal incident has been released to the public showing Lisa Mearkle shot the man with a Taser. WARNING!!! Graphic video ? Details: http://bit.ly/1 R8glO2
At first sight, this video seems absolutely fine. It shows an elderly man joyfully singing a Beach Boys song in front of restaurant dinners. Moments later... you won't believe what happens next Details: http://bit.ly/22fl dCq
Even if you do not resist, it won't help you to avoid police terror. The guys in the video was not resisting, he's not aggressive - he was unarmed but the sadistic sociopath cops keeps tasing him repeatedly! The police have no right to treat people this way, but they are literally breaking the law. What kind of respect citizens. This is why people do not trust the police. This cop is a coward! The community needs to come together and get cops like this off the force. Together we stronger!
If you allergic to bad cops. please DO NOT WATCH the video below!!' We found old dashcam footage has revealed the startling moment a Texas trooper ran toward a motorcyclist following a high-speed chase, leaped into the air and karate kicked him to the ground. The incident unfolded in December 2012 after Martinez, a 10-year veteran trooper, took chase when 25-year-old Steven Gaydos ran a stop sign near Houston. Apparently this Texas deputy wanted to go back to the good old days and show off his fancy moves by jumping in the air and kicking this guy who was already surrendering off his motorcycle. Wow, bad cops with Rambo mentality issues should be dismissed and forbidden from ever owning any firearm again. period!
ALERT!!! Hopefully, this video will be a good evidence to put the cop behind bars. Could you imagine what would have happened, if there was no video? Details ? http://bit.ly/lTRfCib
That's crazy!'' Cops hold man down and sic K-9 on him for dancing in a parking lot The city will pay Linson Tara $100,000 to settle a civil-rights lawsuit filed after the Washington cops used Tasers; their fists and then a police dog on him while he was being restrained. Only 100k? Seriously? Guys, don't you think it's not enough for a man who was choked; tased, punched in the face several times while the dog bit you? It should be more zeroes in the number. A dash cam video showed one of the officers holding Tara on the hood of the police cruiser while his partner used a Taser on him. IS THAT THE WAY YOU WANT POLICE TO TREAT US? The video gives us a great explanation of the question, why do people hate cops? Dear Americans, we've got to understand a simple idea - nothing will change unless you, me and the whole country start taking judgments out of THEIR paychecks... and then you'll see this behavior stop.
Shocking video of police officer torturing an 8-year-old boy while he is crying in agony! More details: http://bit.ly/27TS19x
A horrific incident occurred last summer
An investigation is launched into the incident, which occurred during the graduation party at the University of Maryland. Police were responding to a call of students, who were allegedly loud during the celebration. Details: http://bit.ly/22nhGEI Join us: Don't Shoot
F***k, they killed an UNARMED guy again!!! We MUST make the cops stop thinking that they are above the law. That is in our power to do?
Since when being homeless a crime in the US?! Details: http://bit.ly/20SQYCo
Being homeless is a crime in the US and this video proves it! Full story: http://bit.ly/lVyOO6t
Only in the US cops are so undertrained that they cannot arrest a man without killing him! Full story: http://bit.ly/lTLwnM8
Cops were caught on camera when they assaulted and choked a man and brutalized the bystanders. In a police state even looking at the cops is punishable! Find more police brutality cases: http://bit.ly/25ChjLS
Jess Cooke was traveling through an interior US Border Checkpoint in Waddington, New York when she was stopped for "looking suspicious" by the border patrol. Cooke is a law student, so she knows her rights. When she refused to consent to search, she was told to wait for a K-9 unit to arrive before she could leave. Cooke didn't commit any crime, that's why she wanted to leave, but officers had the different plans. She was thrown to the ground by the male agent and the female agent deployed the taser. After she screamed from the pain for several seconds, she was handcuffed, while agents illegally opened her truck and searched it. Of course, they found nothing. She spent over an hour in handcuffs and then about 4 hours in the US customs Station in Ogdensburg before she could go home. This girl's day was totally ruined because cops thought that she looked suspicious. After they ILLEGALLY searched her vehicle, she couldn't go. This is what real terrorism looks like!
It feels like cops arrest people only to bully and abuse them. Well, police has never about safety...here's the proof. Read the full article ? http://bit.ly/lTK7MGG ? Don't Shoot
It is time to wake up and see the truth. Cops are not our friends and government doesn't care about you. Share this if you're awake!
In a police state, a family time can turn into a nightmare! An off-duty officer Khaled W. Shaar approached a family that was eating a dinner around the closing time and asked them to leave. When the head of the family refused to leave, because their dinner wasn't finished, Shaar decided to handle the situation violently. Full story: http://bit. ly/1 Y3as8j
A 58-year-old man from India was violently slammed by the police officer to the ground. He was badly injured and paralyzed. How can anyone deserve something like that?! Remember that meeting a cop could cost you your health and even a life. Read the full story: http://bit.ly/24tgjnw
An NYPD sergeant Diana Pichardo that was named in at least 20 federal lawsuits including an allegation of false arrest and police brutality, was caught on a video grabbing a bystander's phone, arresting him without reason and searching his home without a warrant. Instead of getting fired or arrested for her actions, she is facing only a disciplinary review. The victim's only crime was filming him while she was assaulting and brutalizing his neighbors! Though it's legal to film the police, cops are so scared of people recording them. It means that we have to keep following them with our cameras. It's our only way to prove that they were violent and it's our only hope for justice!
A simple traffic stop turned into the violent situation. Cop refused to identify himself, instead, he nearly killed a man. The shocking video reveals the real face of the US police. Read the full story: http://bit.ly/294CSi9
A simple traffic stop turned into the violent situation. Cop refused to identify himself, instead, he nearly killed a man. The shocking video reveals the real face of the US police. Read the full story: http://bit.ly/294CSi9
Breaking! Another man was shot by the police officers! Warning, the video is graphic! This the video of his last minutes! TWO DEATHS IN TWO DAYS. WHAT IS GOING ON?! WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO ABOUT IT?! Read the full story: http://bit.ly/29kUamJ
Shocking video of cops shooting an unarmed man who was standing on his knees! On a video, it's clear that he didn't pose any danger and wasn't going to attack cops. It was a cold murder, almost like any another police arrest!
If you allergic to bad cops. please DO NOT WATCH the video below!!' We found old dashcam footage has revealed the startling moment a Texas trooper ran toward a motorcyclist following a high-speed chase, leaped into the air and karate kicked him to the ground. The incident unfolded in December 2012 after Martinez, a 10-year veteran trooper, took chase when 25-year-old Steven Gaydos ran a stop sign near Houston. Apparently this Texas deputy wanted to go back to the good old days and show off his fancy moves by jumping in the air and kicking this guy who was already surrendering off his motorcycle. Wow, bad cops with Rambo mentality issues should be dismissed and forbidden from ever owning any firearm again. period!
We run this community because we care...
It's not about who is "good" and "bad" it's about what is right!
It's not about who is "good" and "bad" it's about what is right!
It's not about who is "good" and "bad" it's about what is right!
It's not about who is "good" and "bad" it's about what is right!
It's not about who is "good" and "bad" it's about what is right!
We run this community because we care...
We run this community because we care...
We run this community because we care...
We run this community because we care...
Big Apple of the US
Religious leaders joined local organizations in rallying support for two men who said they were attacked outside a convenience store this weekend in what police are investigating as a possible hate crime. Authorities are reviewing surveillance video of the reported attack, which occurred shortly after 3 a.m. Saturday at the Kwik Shop at 4820 E. 21 st St. That's just northeast of the Wichita State University campus. One of the victims was Khondonkor Usama, Muslim 23, the second victim, is a 19-year-old student who has chosen to remain anonymous. They were getting gas and snacks at about 3 a.m. Saturday when they noticed a man shouting at someone who had apparently asked him for gas money. When the suspect began using racial slurs against the man who asked him for money, one of the students attempted to intervene. The attacker then turned his wrath on the two students, stopping his motorcycle in front of Usama's car and approaching Usama's friend, who had gotten out of the car. The suspect called his friend "brown trash" and told him he had to "leave this country," According to Usama's account, his friend responded: "This is my country. Who the hell are you to tell me to leave?" The incident "escalated really quick," with the suspect attempting to punch his friend, Usama said. When he attempted to break up the fight, Usama said he was assaulted and knocked down. He called 911, and as he was on the phone the attacker rode circles around the two students, chanting "Trump! Trump! Trump!" and screaming, "We'll make America great again! We'll throw you out of the wall!"
Proud to be a Muslim
It's been only a month since Library of Islamic Knowledge at the center in Houston is open SAVE ISLAMIC KNOWLEDGE
It's been only a month since Library of Islamic Knowledge at the center in Houston is open SAVE ISLAMIC KNOWLEDGE
Stop Islamophobia
Stop Islamophobia
Stop Islamophobia
Stop Islamophobia
Stop Islamophobia
Stop Islamophobia
Stop Islamophobia
R.I.P Dr Ahmed Zewail. Share and be the media....
The time has come to understand one simple thing: we the American muslims are as American Support Hillary. Save American Muslims!
The time has come to understand one simple thing: we the American muslims are as American Support Hillary. Save American Muslims!
The time has come to understand one simple thing: we the American muslims are as American Support Hillary. Save American Muslims!
The time has come to understand one simple thing: we the American muslims are as American Support Hillary. Save American Muslims!
The time has come to understand one simple thing: we the American muslims are as American Support Hillary. Save American Muslims!
I'm a Muslim and I'm proud
I'm a Muslim and I'm proud
I'm a Muslim and I'm proud
I'm a Muslim and I'm proud
I'm a Muslim and I'm proud
I'm a Muslim and I'm proud
I'm a Muslim and I'm proud
We can end Islamophobia only by educating people that we are against terrorism tool let them know real Islam and Muslims and peaceful we are...
An Open Letter to Hillary Clinton: Dear Mrs. Clinton, We are trying not to be political, but the current presidential elections and the rise of hate against Muslims made us realize that it is time to stand and let our voices be heard. We know that you defend American Muslims now in your presidential campaign, but did you support us before campaign? We didn't forget who supported the war in Iraq, we are Muslims and Americans, so we know your support to invade Iraq in 2003 have caused hundreds of American soldiers to die hundreds of miles away from their homes, and also millions of Iraqi Muslims, including innocent men, women and children, to die in their homes, and for what? Libya! You supported bombing and destroying the whole country just to kill AI- Gaddafi. You said in an interview: "We came, we saw, he died". Let's not forget about Benghazi, where you declined to increase the embassy security, and that caused the death of the U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and U.S. Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith and CIA contractors Tyrone S. Woods and Glen Doherty and Ten others were also injured in the attacks. You killed Saddam Hussein and AI-Gaddafi in Iraq and Lybia leaving the countries there in chaos, which led to the birth of ISIS, which is now a threat not only to the U.S. but the whole world! You are supporting gun control, disarming the American citizens and at the same time selling weapons to groups in the Middle East to fight their leaders, creating on the short run terrorist groups as we saw in Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan and Syria. 8 years ago you were against refugees, but now you support them. 10 years ago you were against same sex marriage, but now you support it. You change your views very fast. You speak as a democrat and act as a republican. Sorry, but you can not be our representer, you can not be the president of the United States. Sincerely, United Muslims of America
Muhammad Ali, the greatest boxer this world has ever known, is no more. The fact that he is gone is difficult to come to terms with; for years, Ali was renowned as a larger than life figure, the greatest, as he called himself, and the demise of a man of such a high stature is surely a void that can never be filled. In the world of sports, Muhammad Ali will forever be known as the boxing legend who won 56 bouts over the period of a 21-year career. In popular culture, he will be remembered as the man who was not afraid when it came to speaking his mind -- someone who was not shy of talking about things unrelated to boxing, and would always take the right stand when needed. He risked his career and reputation by opposing the US-Vietnam War. Furthermore, he refused to serve in the US Army and in the process, was accused of committing a felony. Now that he is gone, this world is left with memories, and a void that cannot be filled. May Allah rest his soul in peace and paradise!!!
This is the REAL ISLAMIC SHARIA LAW 11 .... "If you can't afford to buy bread take it for free"
We Muslims of the United States are subject to Islamophobia from the media where regularly STOP SCAPEGOATING MUSLIMS!
We Muslims of the United States are subject to Islamophobia from the media where regularly STOP SCAPEGOATING MUSLIMS!
We Muslims of the United States are subject to Islamophobia from the media where regularly STOP SCAPEGOATING MUSLIMS!
We Muslims of the United States are subject to Islamophobia from the media where regularly STOP SCAPEGOATING MUSLIMS!
We Muslims of the United States are subject to Islamophobia from the media where regularly STOP SCAPEGOATING MUSLIMS!
We Muslims of the United States are subject to Islamophobia from the media where regularly STOP SCAPEGOATING MUSLIMS!
If you are the refugee you'll find support here!
The war is most horrible thing: We offer a shelter!
Attacker calls woman 'Muslim piece of trash' before pouring liquid on her in disturbing incident outside Starbucks in Washington 11111111
Proud to be a Muslim
A page to unit all Muslim people living in the USA!
A page to unit all Muslim people living in the USA:
A page to unit all Muslim people living in the USA:
A page to unit all Muslim people living in the USA:
we are Muslims and we stand together
we are Muslims and we stand together
we are Muslims and we stand together
we are Muslims and we stand together
we are Muslims and we stand together
we are Muslims and we stand together
we are Muslims and we stand together
USA Muslims united
USA Muslims united
USA Muslims united
USA Muslims united
USA Muslims united
USA Muslims united
USA Muslims united
PLEASE HELP VICTIM OF ANTI-MUSLIM HATE CRIME Mohamed Rasheed Khan, 59 became victim of a vicious hate crime. He was brutally attacked by three men outside a mosque in Queens. Mr. Khan suffered a concussion, as well as fractures to his face and ribs. Please help Mr. Khan's family to raise enough money for all medical surgery and hospital expenses. If you are unable to help financially, we understand. Please share this fundraising post with others so more people become aware: I believe - together we can do this: In this month of Ramadan we kindly ask everyone to keep Mohamed Rasheed Khan in your prayers for his well being and a speedy recovery! Lets help our fellow brother reunite with his family. InsAllahl. To make a donation, follow the link: https://goo.gl/RJF9Vf P.S. Comment below or write us a direct message, if you have already donated or just going to donate.
let's see who we support the most .... Like for Clinton. Comment for Bernie 
We are all immigrants and refugees ... if it's not you then it's your father or grandfather ... we all came on the same boat !I #refugeesWelcome #SyrianRefugees
It was a powerful moment in an America that has seen hate crimes against Muslim Americans triple since November. In an America where the Republican political party had a 44% very unfavorable view of Islam, despite 78% of the same Republican respondents saying they neither worked with nor had any Muslim friends. according to a YouGov poll conducted from 6 -9 March, 2015. In an America where failed businessman and top contender for the GOP nomination Donald Trump has publicly and unapologetically called for widespread surveillance on mosques, mass deportations, denial of asylum to all Muslims and has lauded a plan to shoot Muslims with bullets covered in pigs blood. So when Bernie Sanders acts like a human being and commits his prospective presidency (not to mention entire career) to combatting racism, xenophobia and Islamophobia, it shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone that Muslim Americans overwhelmingly support his bid for the White House.
Null
No place for war, helping refugees to find a new home!
If you are a refugee, you'll find support here!
Welcome everyone to support refugees!
Subway SquarePants
Glasses make you 20% more attractive
I laughed morbidly at this, i need help
Police are beyond out of control, help us make this viral! Follow our account in order to spread the truth!
Well it had me at the sleep part
When you're not even at McDonald's because you don't have a girlfriend. You're just at home eating cheez its out of your belly button. When a cheez it falls out.... Don't
What did you do to my drink?
Evolve pidgey and he's pretty good
Pikacaranycar
This has been featured like 3 times now
When your mom describes you to her family
That thing looks like Scrat off of Ice Age
Looks like he's stuck between a rock and a hard place
It's ok they're women so they'll only find the kitchen
Turn it on and off again
Getting an uber while drunk
What is life now
It could also be someone stabbing you, and trying to kill ya too
Null
Null
My Spirit animal
When you fart hella loud and u new
When you're getting roasted in a group chat
This kitchen is not the same without you
Life is so hard
Like why not?
Furiousity Killed the Cat
So excited for that time of year when rich LA girls pretend to be hobos who talk to the moon and stuff!
Pickleboy and Bridgette
So, the picture of my soul, is a piece of art?
Why not all three?
Chun Li is THICK
When you trying to catch Lugia
You're adopted
Cate does a muppet
He better find the patient
He better find the patient
Did you look down
When you out in public and see your bf make eye contact with a girl
Null
Who else has done this more than 10 times?
Looks like an Apple mouse
What's a mehmeh
Savage
There is the chair where I put everything.
It is technically PM
But that ain't none of my business
GOD I LOVE NOT HEARING ANYONE TALK ABOUT THEIR JOB OR LIFE OR FEELINGS
Stawp stawp
That's a hot five
Welcome to the city of memes - Memopolis.
Welcome to the city of memes - Memopolis.
We call for disqualification and removal of Hillary Clinton from the presidential ballot as dynastic succession of the Clinton family in American politics breaches the core democratic principles laid out by our Founding Fathers. Sign the petition! We call for disqualification and removal of Hillary Clinton from the presidential ballot as dynastic succession of the Clinton family in American politics breaches the core democratic principles laid out by our Founding Fathers. We demand members of one family legislatively banned from holding the s... Disavow support for the Clinton political dynasty. Disqualify and remove Hillary Clinton from 2016 Presidential Ballot I We the People: Your Voice in Our Government Donald Trump America
I can confirm this. If they do not do so they shall be robbed of there Pokemon and kicked from the car
Gross.. Why did u do it
R I P
That would turn me on.
Accurate asf
Technically he can't see the bacon. Well, who cares?
When you have a dream that you sucked at being a quarterback and wake up and realize that you still suck at being a quarterback
Congrats you're on FakeTaxi
I crack myself up
Anyone else have a friend disrespectful to their parents and the life is better than yours
My girl
My girl
My girl
Better than Shakespeare
looks like snoop dog
It ain't easy being cheesy
Savage
Cookie Monster and Hillary must be opposites
Cookie Monster and Hillary must be opposites
Prehistoric
Welcome to the city of memes - Memopolis.
Welcome to the city of memes - Memopolis.
Welcome to the city of memes - Memopolis.
Can you smrell what the wok is cookin
"Thx mim"
Haha- wait.... Is he.... He's coming isn't he.... That motherbarker...
When there's no food vs. When mom brings food
You think cause I'm a dog I don't know about the secret menu
Why does everyone hate the yellow ones. they're not even bad
At least you have great pies of your kid! Join us! Click Learn more! Nuts News ( @nuts.news) Funnylnst
Or they are summoning mew
My life should be in the middle
The creators of spongebob must realize that their show is just a meme dump at this point
Oh sweetheart no uh uh
Oh sweetheart no uh uh
Oh sweetheart no uh uh
Oh sweetheart no uh uh
Null
Null
kill meow
Honoring the high cost paid by so many families to protect our freedom. Buy a T-shirt - help a veteran: Veterans USA Funnylnst
Killary Clinton will never understand what it feels like to lose the person you love for the sake of your country. Buy a T-shirt - help a veteran: Veterans USA Funnylnst
Killary Clinton will never understand what it feels like to lose the person you love for the sake of your country. Honoring the high cost paid by so many families to protect our freedom. Buy a T-shirt - help a veteran: Veterans USA Funnylnst
Killary Clinton will never understand what it feels like to lose the person you love for the sake of your country. Honoring the high cost paid by so many families to protect our freedom. Buy a T-shirt - help a veteran: Veterans USA Funnylnst
we need to talk
Did you pay attention at the sexual harassment meeting
Not that many cause we aren't on Twitter
Bitch, it's not my fault you mad. I even asked and you didn't wanna tell me.
Patrick got some weird ass fingers
Welcome to the city of memes - Memopolis.
Welcome to the city of memes - Memopolis.
Welcome to the city of memes - Memopolis.
Welcome to the city of memes - Memopolis.
White people
I swear Family Feud has the best nicknames for a dick
Most difficult shit ever
new meaning to fucking up the logo.
I want bare titties but not bear titties
*Then have to pee half way threw movie, but holds it so you don't miss anything*
Corgi you the real mvp
"It still has a few more miles left"
Only 20,000 B.C. kids will get this
Right now. Show it to your parents/so/dog/whoever pays before you go shopping.
This Es Wut causes depression
Welcome to the city of memes - Memopolis.
Who is talking I done see anyone
Yes because being in debt is worse with a child
Fed up with police violence? Wanna stop police brutality? Join us! Click learn more! Cop Block Us( @cop Block AmericanCops
Cop Block is committed to highlighting the double standard often granted to those in uniforms and with badges. We do this by raising awareness and providing support to victims of police abuse and other related institutional injustice. Follow us! Cop Block Us( @cop Block AmericanCops
Funnylnst
Breaking news, latest news and current news from US Daily in the United States! Join us! US Daily( @us Daily) Ohmurica
Many of y'all know that the civil war was not at all about slavery, it was about freedom and independence from the Union. Click Learn More! South United @south Yoyoyoyoyo
Stop liberal ignorance! Don't tolerate them destroying our monuments and renaming our streets! Defend our confederate heritage! Join South United! South United Yoyoyoyoyo
People, our race is in danger! Together we are an invincible power. Just say your word! Join us! Black Pride( @black Yoyoyoyoyoy
A Black handicapped worker was enslaved and abused for years. Hard to believe? Click here to Learn more! Black Pride( @black Yoyoyoyoyoy
We want INDEPENDENCE, we fight for constitution and traditional values! Join us! South United Yoyoyoyoyo
Located on a barrier island in the Gulf of Mexico, Grand Isle is a small fishing town that has proved resilient despite being battered by hurricanes throughout the years. The tiny town is the setting for The Awakening by Kate Chopin, who spent her summers in Grande Isle for many years. The island is full of beautiful beaches, protected as part of Grand Isle State Park. Click Learn More! Join us! South United Yoyoyoyoyo
Tea Party: Pictures, Videos, Breaking News. Click Learn More! Tea Party News( @tea Teapartypat
Tea Party: Pictures, Videos, Breaking News. Click Learn More! Tea Party News( @tea Teapartypat
This is the community which unites all the muslims who live in the US. Join us! @muslim Voice • Musliminst
Just the response to those who think that if a woman wears the #hijab she is a threat.
Remember, islamophobia is a help to the world terrorism! This is the community which unites all the muslims who live in the US. We all are children of the Middle East. It's time to unite! @muslim Voice· Muslim Inst
This is the community which unites all the muslims who live in the US. Join us! @muslim Voice • Musliminst
This is the community which unites all the muslims who live in the US. Join us! @muslim Voice • Musliminst
News, analysis from the Middle East & worldwide, multimedia & interactives, opinions Al Jazeera English - Live Musliminst
Are you sick and tired of people saying "ready for Hillary"? Because they piss me off every day. And I really feel hopeless trying to explain to them she's not a good choice. Unless you want to see America in flames. Click to Learn More! Tea Party News( @tea Teapartypat
We should not only strengthen our geographical boundaries but also our cultural. Like us!
We should not only strengthen our geographical boundaries but also our cultural. Like us!
Due to the town of Twin falls, Idaho, becoming a center of refugee resettlement, which led Citizens before refugees
Due to the town of Twin falls, Idaho, becoming a center of refugee resettlement, which led Citizens before refugees
Syrian refugees are not even trying to be modest and grateful for our help. They are bluntly invading western world and demanding upmost respect for their religion, while completely disrespecting and disregarding western values. They are not victims of war; they are the war itself. We need to protect ourselves from this menace by deporting all the refugees we have and refusing to take any more of them.
Illegal immigrant invasion is going at full speed and drug cartels are their most powerful weapon. Recently a huge drug cartel operation was discovered in North Carolina. Over the course of the investigation, authorities seized six pounds of crystal meth, eight pounds of marijuana, 49.3 grams of heroin, four handguns and $2.5 million in cash, according to a press release. "It would be safe to say that the money would be taken back to Mexico, and that's where the source of the cocaine was," special agent Tim Stone said. This is good news, but sadly this operation is just one of the thousands, which makes it just a slap on the wrist. Our traitor government does nothing to prevent drug influx, but only trying to create the presence of an effort. The most part of this poison comes through southern border, but it is still as unprotected as it possibly can be and drug cartels are abusing it as much as they can. At the expense of our tax dollars and lives of our youth, our government officials continue to make some kinds of vile deals with drug cartels to get filthy rich and gain more control over weaken nation. Only a huge wall with gun towers will stop this invasion. Trump is our only hope for a better future!
Barack Hussein Obama has tried very hard to open the doors for his friends from Middle East and to create a most welcoming environment for Muslims in general. He forced our government to give them countless benefits and managed to create an atmosphere of total omnipotence for them with the help of CAIR. It all would be alright, if he was a president of a Muslim country, but he is president of UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, which makes his eternal love for Muslims a mere TREACHERY! Barack Hussein Obama and his lap dog Hillary should never be allowed control our lives ever again!
Welcome to the city of memes - Memopolis.
Hot chicks. Dank memes. Dope stuff.
Welcome to the city of memes - Memopolis.
We still remember! The victims are never forgotten.
Just to remind
Absolutely! Support and respect each other.
Miss this show. Like and share.
This is so inspiring! Motivation.
You have to love a woman who is comfortable in her own skin and hair.
This is so powerful and breathtaking. All my respect. Never be afraid of protecting and supporting each other. If not us, then who?
As Serena Williams' fiance, Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian, is white, some people find it possible to comment on the racial identity of the tennis star's unborn child. The captain of Romania's Fed Cup team made a nasty comment about the skin color of Serena Williams' unborn child. Serena Williams' Unborn Child Targeted I BlackMattersUS.com blackmattersus.com
So much grace and straight class. They look amazing!
Unconditional love and God is her secret to living a long, full, happy life.
She slays! Like if you think she is beautiful.
Comment if you like this show.
Truth!
Null
Angela Davis and her sister, Fania Davis Jordan (then and now). They are a part of our history.
Brilliant minds: But you won't see this on the evening news. Wonder.. why?
As one of the internet users cleverly noted. Spencer says everything the KKK men or nazis would, not using 'jew' or the n-word. White Nationalist Richard Spencer makes a speech at Auburn University despite all bars. White Nationalist's Wow To Speak At Auburn Causes Outrage BlackMattersUS.com blackmattersus.com
That's just incredible. The best picture I've seen for the last week.
Meet the beautiful biracial twins blowing everyone away.
Diversity is the future of fashion
All my respect.
Our deepest condolences to the victims and families in Manchester. We also wish people dedicate their sadness and thoughts to Syria, Flint, Bangkok or any other country which suffered from attacks and where the government cares only about money, not citizens.
Awesome. That's true.
This strategy is great indeed. Glad to see people making positive change to unite the world, rather than executive orders to divide it.
Your thoughts?
I'd love to get her wisdom! Peace and blessings to this Queen Mother.
On Sunday evening white man with a beer in one hand and gun in another kills 1 black women and injures 5 black people and 1 hispanic man... On Sunday evening, a gunman opened fire on a San Diego pool party, killing one Black woman and injuring six others. San Diego Shooting: Gunman Targets Black People I BlackMattersUS.com blackmattersus.com
So proud of them!
Stunning.
Like if you agree!
Indeed! They look awesome.
She slays
She is so stunning!
His work is amazing! Go ahead.. David!
Latest report shows that life expectancy for Black Americans improves and racial mortality gap closing. Latest report shows that life expectancy for Black Americans improves and racial mortality gap closing Life Expectancy For Black Americans Improves I BlackMattersUS.com blackmattersus.com
Special love for these characters.
One of the facts all of you should know.
Null
What a precious moment!
A tragedy should not divide us, but unite. Help each other if you can, like Shaq. Shaquille O'Neal shows an empathy for a family of a teen who accidentally killed himself on Instagram Shaq Pays For Funeral Of Teen Who Accidentally Killed Himself I BlackMattersUS.com blackmattersus.com
Null
Like if you miss this amazing couple!
Flawless talent and beauty!
Kheris Rodgers is so gorgeous': People need to understand beauty has nothing to do with complexion.
Micheal Jackson natural hair
On April 28th, Terrance Kellom was fatally shot by police in front of his father at their Remember Terrance Kellom
On April 28th, Terrance Kellom was fatally shot by police in front of his father at their Remember Terrance Kellom
Are you ready for anti-Trump meetups? Are you ready to voice your concerns? Click here to get prepaired! #NotMyPresident STOP TRUMP! STOP RACISM! Buying these t-shirts you donate to the events against hate and racism. #NotMyPresident BM
Are you ready for anti-Trump meetups? Are you ready to voice your concerns? Click here to get prepaired! #NotMyPresident STOP TRUMP! STOP RACISM! Buying these t-shirts you donate to the events against hate and racism. #NotMyPresident BM
Are you ready for anti-Trump meetups? Are you ready to voice your concerns? Click here to get prepaired! #NotMyPresident STOP TRUMP! STOP RACISM! Buying these t-shirts you donate to the events against hate and racism. #NotMyPresident BM
Baseball team, Seattle Mariners has placed its catcher on an indefinite suspension after being found culpable of racism. Stop Racism: Mariners Suspend Steve Clevenger For Racist Comments I BM BM
Baseball team, Seattle Mariners has placed its catcher on an indefinite suspension after being found culpable of racism. Stop Racism: Mariners Suspend Steve Clevenger For Racist Comments I BM BM
Baseball team, Seattle Mariners has placed its catcher on an indefinite suspension after being found culpable of racism. Stop Racism: Mariners Suspend Steve Clevenger For Racist Comments I BM BM
Baseball team, Seattle Mariners has placed its catcher on an indefinite suspension after being found culpable of racism. Stop Racism: Mariners Suspend Steve Clevenger For Racist Comments I BM BM
Baseball team, Seattle Mariners has placed its catcher on an indefinite suspension after being found culpable of racism. Stop Racism: Mariners Suspend Steve Clevenger For Racist Comments I BM BM
Baseball team, Seattle Mariners has placed its catcher on an indefinite suspension after being found culpable of racism. Stop Racism: Mariners Suspend Steve Clevenger For Racist Comments I BM BM
Baseball team, Seattle Mariners has placed its catcher on an indefinite suspension after being found culpable of racism. Stop Racism: Mariners Suspend Steve Clevenger For Racist Comments I BM BM
Baseball team, Seattle Mariners has placed its catcher on an indefinite suspension after being found culpable of racism. Stop Racism: Mariners Suspend Steve Clevenger For Racist Comments I BM BM
Respect!
Do everything in your power to change the society we live in and fight to protect our children.
Do everything in your power to change the society we live in and fight to protect our children.
Do everything in your power to change the society we live in and fight to protect our children.
Do everything in your power to change the society we live in and fight to protect our children.
Do everything in your power to change the society we live in and fight to protect our children.
A Sense Of Priorities
I see a danger to their lives every single day.
1 see a danger to their lives every single day.
Geopolitical map of pre-contact North America. Why isn't this in history books?
Congratulations young lady!
New-York City. Staten Island. October 22. National Day of Protest to stop Police Brutality. The day when everyone must stand up for their rights in the city where "We can't breath" movement was created after Eric Garner's death. Mr. Garner and his family paid a horrible price to make us all realize that we're in danger. Eric will never be forgotten. The crimes of police officers will never be forgotten as well. Police brutality in this country is unacceptable and must be stopped! Join us, show your support and solidarity. On October 22 we will meet at the place where Mr. Garner was killed. 202 Bay Street, Staten Island, New York, 2 pm. National Day of Protest. Staten Island, NY
New-York City. Staten Island. October 22. National Day of Protest to stop Police Brutality. The day when everyone must stand up for their rights in the city where "We can't breath" movement was created after Eric Garner's death. Mr. Garner and his family paid a horrible price to make us all realize that we're in danger. Eric will never be forgotten. The crimes of police officers will never be forgotten as well. Police brutality in this country is unacceptable and must be stopped! Join us, show your support and solidarity. On October 22 we will meet at the place where Mr. Garner was killed. 202 Bay Street, Staten Island, New York, 2 pm. National Day of Protest. Staten Island, NY
New-York City. Staten Island. October 22. National Day of Protest to stop Police Brutality. The day when everyone must stand up for their rights in the city where "We can't breath" movement was created after Eric Garner's death. Mr. Garner and his family paid a horrible price to make us all realize that we're in danger. Eric will never be forgotten. The crimes of police officers will never be forgotten as well. Police brutality in this country is unacceptable and must be stopped! Join us, show your support and solidarity. On October 22 we will meet at the place where Mr. Garner was killed. 202 Bay Street, Staten Island, New York, 2 pm. National Day of Protest. Staten Island, NY
New-York City. Staten Island. October 22. National Day of Protest to stop Police Brutality. The day when everyone must stand up for their rights in the city where "We can't breath" movement was created after Eric Garner's death. Mr. Garner and his family paid a horrible price to make us all realize that we're in danger. Eric will never be forgotten. The crimes of police officers will never be forgotten as well. Police brutality in this country is unacceptable and must be stopped! Join us, show your support and solidarity. On October 22 we will meet at the place where Mr. Garner was killed. 202 Bay Street, Staten Island, New York, 2 pm. National Day of Protest. Staten Island, NY
New-York City. Staten Island. October 22. National Day of Protest to stop Police Brutality. The day when everyone must stand up for their rights in the city where "We can't breath" movement was created after Eric Garner's death. Mr. Garner and his family paid a horrible price to make us all realize that we're in danger. Eric will never be forgotten. The crimes of police officers will never be forgotten as well. Police brutality in this country is unacceptable and must be stopped! Join us, show your support and solidarity. On October 22 we will meet at the place where Mr. Garner was killed. 202 Bay Street, Staten Island, New York, 2 pm. National Day of Protest. Staten Island, NY
New-York City. Staten Island. October 22. National Day of Protest to stop Police Brutality. The day when everyone must stand up for their rights in the city where "We can't breath" movement was created after Eric Garner's death. Mr. Garner and his family paid a horrible price to make us all realize that we're in danger. Eric will never be forgotten. The crimes of police officers will never be forgotten as well. Police brutality in this country is unacceptable and must be stopped! Join us, show your support and solidarity. On October 22 we will meet at the place where Mr. Garner was killed. 202 Bay Street, Staten Island, New York, 2 pm. National Day of Protest. Staten Island, NY
New-York City. Staten Island. October 22. National Day of Protest to stop Police Brutality. The day when everyone must stand up for their rights in the city where "We can't breath" movement was created after Eric Garner's death. Mr. Garner and his family paid a horrible price to make us all realize that we're in danger. Eric will never be forgotten. The crimes of police officers will never be forgotten as well. Police brutality in this country is unacceptable and must be stopped! Join us, show your support and solidarity. On October 22 we will meet at the place where Mr. Garner was killed. 202 Bay Street, Staten Island, New York, 2 pm. National Day of Protest. Staten Island, NY
New-York City. Staten Island. October 22. National Day of Protest to stop Police Brutality. The day when everyone must stand up for their rights in the city where "We can't breath" movement was created after Eric Garner's death. Mr. Garner and his family paid a horrible price to make us all realize that we're in danger. Eric will never be forgotten. The crimes of police officers will never be forgotten as well. Police brutality in this country is unacceptable and must be stopped! Join us, show your support and solidarity. On October 22 we will meet at the place where Mr. Garner was killed. 202 Bay Street, Staten Island, New York, 2 pm. National Day of Protest. Staten Island, NY
New-York City. Staten Island. October 22. National Day of Protest to stop Police Brutality. The day when everyone must stand up for their rights in the city where "We can't breath" movement was created after Eric Garner's death. Mr. Garner and his family paid a horrible price to make us all realize that we're in danger. Eric will never be forgotten. The crimes of police officers will never be forgotten as well. Police brutality in this country is unacceptable and must be stopped! Join us, show your support and solidarity. On October 22 we will meet at the place where Mr. Garner was killed. 202 Bay Street, Staten Island, New York, 2 pm. National Day of Protest. Harlem, NY
A new video shows Officer Jason Stockley planting a gun on Anthony Lamar Smith after he shot and killed him. A new revelation has popped up following the release of a new video of the 2011 police fatal killing in St. Louis. The video captures Officer Jason Stockley, th St. Louis Killer Cop Caught In On Camera I BM BM
A new video shows Officer Jason Stockley planting a gun on Anthony Lamar Smith after he shot and killed him. A new revelation has popped up following the release of a new video of the 2011 police fatal killing in St. Louis. The video captures Officer Jason Stockley, th St. Louis Killer Cop Caught In On Camera I BM BM
A new video shows Officer Jason Stockley planting a gun on Anthony Lamar Smith after he shot and killed him. A new revelation has popped up following the release of a new video of the 2011 police fatal killing in St. Louis. The video captures Officer Jason Stockley, th St. Louis Killer Cop Caught In On Camera I BM BM
A new video shows Officer Jason Stockley planting a gun on Anthony Lamar Smith after he shot and killed him. A new revelation has popped up following the release of a new video of the 2011 police fatal killing in St. Louis. The video captures Officer Jason Stockley, th St. Louis Killer Cop Caught In On Camera I BM BM
A new video shows Officer Jason Stockley planting a gun on Anthony Lamar Smith after he shot and killed him. A new revelation has popped up following the release of a new video of the 2011 police fatal killing in St. Louis. The video captures Officer Jason Stockley, th St. Louis Killer Cop Caught In On Camera I BM BM
A new video shows Officer Jason Stockley planting a gun on Anthony Lamar Smith after he shot and killed him. A new revelation has popped up following the release of a new video of the 2011 police fatal killing in St. Louis. The video captures Officer Jason Stockley, th St. Louis Killer Cop Caught In On Camera I BM BM
A new video shows Officer Jason Stockley planting a gun on Anthony Lamar Smith after he shot and killed him. A new revelation has popped up following the release of a new video of the 2011 police fatal killing in St. Louis. The video captures Officer Jason Stockley, th St. Louis Killer Cop Caught In On Camera I BM BM
A new video shows Officer Jason Stockley planting a gun on Anthony Lamar Smith after he shot and killed him. A new revelation has popped up following the release of a new video of the 2011 police fatal killing in St. Louis. The video captures Officer Jason Stockley, th St. Louis Killer Cop Caught In On Camera I BM BM
A new video shows Officer Jason Stockley planting a gun on Anthony Lamar Smith after he shot and killed him. A new revelation has popped up following the release of a new video of the 2011 police fatal killing in St. Louis. The video captures Officer Jason Stockley, th St. Louis Killer Cop Caught In On Camera I BM BM
A new video shows Officer Jason Stockley planting a gun on Anthony Lamar Smith after he shot and killed him. A new revelation has popped up following the release of a new video of the 2011 police fatal killing in St. Louis. The video captures Officer Jason Stockley, th St. Louis Killer Cop Caught In On Camera I BM BM
Know your heroes
On December 3rd the KKK terrorist organization will host a "victory" parade in North Carolina to celebrate the election of Donald Trump. Join us on Dec. 3 in Marshall Park, Charlotte as we voice our opposition to the Klan demonstration, their hateful agenda, violence and oppression! Charlotte Against Hate
On December 3rd the KKK terrorist organization will host a "victory" parade in North Carolina to celebrate the election of Donald Trump. Join us on Dec. 3 in Marshall Park, Charlotte as we voice our opposition to the Klan demonstration, their hateful agenda, violence and oppression! Charlotte Against Hate
On December 3rd the KKK terrorist organization will host a "victory" parade in North Carolina to celebrate the election of Donald Trump. Join us on Dec. 3 in Marshall Park, Charlotte as we voice our opposition to the Klan demonstration, their hateful agenda, violence and oppression! Charlotte Against Hate
On December 3rd the KKK terrorist organization will host a "victory" parade in North Carolina to celebrate the election of Donald Trump. Join us on Dec. 3 in Marshall Park, Charlotte as we voice our opposition to the Klan demonstration, their hateful agenda, violence and oppression! Charlotte Against Hate
On December 3rd the KKK terrorist organization will host a "victory" parade in North Carolina to celebrate the election of Donald Trump. Join us on Dec. 3 in Marshall Park. Charlotte as we voice our opposition to the Klan demonstration, their hateful agenda, violence and oppression! Charlotte Against Hate
We're proud to announce an initiative focused on providing free legal education to empower our people and strengthen our community. We believe that having these legal workshops on a monthly basis will prove to be beneficial in a tangible way for our community eet ou at Charlotte. NC Legal Night at= i
Howard's Black female professor of chemistry, Candice Bridge has received $324,000 grant to explore improved investigation methods in rape cases. Black Female Professor Gets Grant For Forensic Research I BM
Free Wise Beautiful That's who we are Click if you agree Free Wise Beautiful
Clear that every presidential candidate must take the position in favor of the working men and women maintaining such fundamental DOMESTIC questions as the healthcare system, pension reform and the protection of labor rights.
Ohh..say no more! Fort Campbell says about 400 soldiers with the 101 st Airborne Division are deploying to Iraq this summer. And the soldiers from the 2nd Brigade Combat Team will deploy as part of an increase in authorized troop levels in Iraq. Obama still drafts our guys into the army and they go to the Middle East. But his key campaign promise was to withdraw troops! It's clear that we come through too many wars: Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan... And 400 more our guys was deployed to Iraq... Maybe enough? We want peace!
New administration's budget proposal to Congress includes $1.7 trillion in mandatory spending cuts over 10 years, including $800 billion from Medicaid and $193 billion from food stamps. At the same time, this proposal, called "A New Foundation for American Greatness", includes a boost in military spending and $1.6 billion for the construction of the border wall with Mexico. To be honest, I'm not sure, that the wall and another pointless war, instead of affordable health care and help for those in need, is what we have to keep our focus on. It seems like republicans are using every single possibility to get more money for their wars, and they don't mind it if average Americans live in poverty or without affordable medicine. Why additional billions to Military? Our Department of Defense budget is already bigger than military budgets of the next eight countries combined, isn't it enough? Here is what Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said: "Based on what we know about this budget, the good news -- the only good news -- is that it's likely to be roundly rejected by members of both parties here in the Senate — just as the last budget was"
What future do you want for your children? Government should focus additional funds on existing public schools, raising teacher salaries and reducing class size!
"If you ask me about the Clinton Foundation, do I have a problem when a sitting secretary of state and a foundation run by her husband collects many millions of dollars from foreign governments, many governments which are dictatorships... yeah, I do," Sanders said in an interview with Jake Tapper on CNN. So, Bernie has the point. I appreciate the way he maintains his independent opinion in spite of all the pressure that is on him as the "second Democratic option". Because that is a fact. The Clinton Foundation is nothing more than an "organized crime" at it's finest, in which we are investing our taxpayers' money! Hillary has no problem in accepting foreign money from the countries, like Saudi Arabia. Hillary has no remorse about taking money from countries that abuse the rights of women, while she has always had her own alleged feminist stance. She does not refrain from receiving money from the countries that prosecute, torture and execute LGBT on the legal basis, although Hillary has always been a "defender" of the minorities. So, why are so many people going to vote for her? That's a secret for me. What's your opinion on that point?
"If you ask me about the Clinton Foundation, do I have a problem when a sitting secretary of state and a foundation run by her husband collects many millions of dollars from foreign governments, many governments which are dictatorships... yeah, I do," Sanders said in an interview with Jake Tapper on CNN. So, Bernie has the point. I appreciate the way he maintains his independent opinion in spite of all the pressure that is on him as the "second Democratic option". Because that is a fact. The Clinton Foundation is nothing more than an "organized crime" at it's finest, in which we are investing our taxpayers' money! Hillary has no problem in accepting foreign money from the countries, like Saudi Arabia. Hillary has no remorse about taking money from countries that abuse the rights of women, while she has always had her own alleged feminist stance. She does not refrain from receiving money from the countries that prosecute, torture and execute LGBT on the legal basis, although Hillary has always been a "defender" of the minorities. So, why are so many people going to vote for her? That's a secret for me. What's your opinion on that point?
Bernie for president!
Bernie for president!
New ideas, old values. Join!
New ideas, old values. Like us!
New ideas, old values. Like us!
New ideas, old values. Like us!
New ideas, old values. Like us!
New ideas, old values. Join!
New ideas, old values. Join!
8 August, 1974 Republican President Richard M. Nixon resigned. With impeachment proceedings underway against him for his involvement in the Watergate affair, Nixon was finally bowing to pressure from the public and Congress to leave the White House. Many people asked themselves: "How dare he to do that This is the awful part of our history, however; the similar actions still happen during current campaign: deleted emails, accident with Bernie Sanders and the DNC... This is bad and nobody cares. Does the political hypocrisy jump at the high level nowadays?
Thank you Sister Chittister. Pro-lifers are NOT pro-life, they are bombastic religionists who are more than prepared to watch children starve. They ARE prepared to murder the doctors that perform abortions - do these doctors not have LIFE? If they wish to save one of these babies, then assist the would be mothers, set up a foundation to help support them, to feed the children...
LGBT community is suffering from haters and especially hate religious groups! These crazy thugs should be jailed for life! Crystal Raquel Cash, 55, cannot speak but is alive after being shot nearly point blank in the face by a member of Christian hate group. The attacker, Gerald Duane Lewis, 26, and his wife reportedly are members of the Israel United in Church, which the Southern Poverty Law Center listed as a hate group last year. According to the newspapers, Lewis was wearing a shirt from the church when he opened fire, shouting a homophobic slur. The government must pay more attention to assaults on sexual minorities because this is the threat to the country's internal security!
Let's say stop to police brutality! We must be against racism of all kinds and make a strong and peaceful responce to these!
So let's do this. Since no one knew what he looked like and the bible forbade idolatry how about we all stop trying to draw Jesus!
If you also think that there should only be peace, come with us on June, 3 and let's make it happen. Stop war! Stop killing the innocent! Some believed Trump would withdraw the U.S. from useless and bloody military campaigns. But what we see is only the enhancement of hostility. We don't need wars no more! We want peace! It's time for politicians to take care of the U.S. residents instead of fating them, as well as other nationals, to death. We're organizing a peaceful gathering to draw public attention to the above-mentioned terrible problem. Our President and Congress must listen to those who granted them power - us, the people. If you also think that there should only be peace, come with us and let's make it happen. Stop war! Stop killing the innocent! Make peace, not war! Make peace, not war!
If you also think that there should only be peace, come with us on June, 3 and let's make it happen. Stop war! Stop killing the innocent! Some believed Trump would withdraw the U.S. from useless and bloody military campaigns. But what we see is only the enhancement of hostility. We don't need wars no more! We want peace! It's time for politicians to take care of the U.S. residents instead of fating them, as well as other nationals, to death. We're organizing a peaceful gathering to draw public attention to the above-mentioned terrible problem. Our President and Congress must listen to those who granted them power - us, the people. If you also think that there should only be peace, come with us and let's make it happen. Stop war! Stop killing the innocent! Make peace, not war! Make peace, not war!
Using our tax money to bomb innocent people in #Syria and the Middle East is terrorism tool
If you also think that there should only be peace, come with us and let's make it happen. Stop war! Stop killing the innocent! Some believed Trump would withdraw the U.S. from useless and bloody military campaigns. But what we see is only the enhancement of hostility. We don't need wars no more! We want peace! It's time for politicians to take care of the U.S. residents instead of fating them, as well as other nationals, to death. We're organizing a peaceful gathering to draw public attention to the above- mentioned terrible problem. Our President and Congress must listen to those who granted them power - us, the people. If you also think that there should only be peace, come with us and let's make it happen. Stop war! Stop killing the innocent! Make peace, not war! Make peace, not war!
HANDS OFF THE MIDDLE EAST!
15-year-old Black teen and 9th grader, Chase T. Coleman mysteriously went missing whiles running a 5k race in New York. Teen Assaulted By White Man During Cross Country Race I BM BM
RIP, brothers. A painting of Tupac and Biggie painting Tupac and Biggie. Source: Old-School Hip Hop
Happy Birthday, Nia! You look fantastic!
A Massachusetts cop's wife faked a robbery and accused BLM of the crime. BLM Framed For Home Invasion By Mass. Cop's Wife I BM BM
Are you unhappy with our new president his bigoted agenda? Looking for sweatshirt or hoodie to prove that? Click the link down below and find a hoodie that's just for you. https://represent.com/not-my-president-1 Stop Trump and his bigoted agenda! Not My President BM
Are you going to participate in the National Day of Protest, October, 22nd? Find the full list of planned actions and events for this day below. Let us make this change together! The October 22 Coalition to Stop Police Brutality, Repression and the Criminalization of a Generation has been mobilizing every year since 1996 for a National D National Day Of Protest: Participate in Actions Planned In Your City I BM BM
Coupled with the deplorable living conditions residents of Flints are faced with, educational services to school children have also been curtailed. The A.C.L.U. has filed a lawsuit against the Michigan state and the Flint school districts for an alleged systemic discrimination against children with special Systemic Discrimination: Flint Sued Foe Denial Of Special Education Services BM BM
Join us in the streets! Stop Trump and his bigoted agenda: Meet you at Union Sq. at 12pm and march to Trump Tower (725 5th Ave) at 3pm. Divided is the reason we just fell. We must unite despite our differences to stop HATE from ruling the land. STOP TRUMP! STOP RACISM! JOIN THE PROTEST at Union Sq. Saturday at 12 PM Bring signs, snacks. water! Be safe! https://www.facebook.com/events/535931469910916/
"Willie Lynch Letter: Breaking Black Women." I wish we could turn back the time and stop these criminals from ever breathing.
My first 10 photos. Want more? Help me to contact Facebook, to make my own sticker pack!
Just must watch: Students at the University Of Notre Dame walk out of their graduation as Mike Pence takes the stage to speak. That's totally awesome! Students at the University Of Notre Dame walk out of their gra...
Keep Calm and Viva Mexico! ???
Come closer...
Only 23 years old, her beautiful voice was silenced by murderer Yolanda Saldivar. On April 12, 1995, George W. Bush, then Governor of Texas, declared Selena's birthday April 16 as "Selena Day" in Texas. Selena was inducted into the "Latin Music Hall of Fame" that same year.
Orgullo Mexicano
Smart, good looking and Mexican. It just doesn't get any better than this! Source lowrider
The Kukulkan Pyramid in Chichen-Itza, known as "El Castillo° (the castle), is one of the new seven wonders of the world
Shopping like a real Mexican
This is our indigenous land, and we are not going anywhere:
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Mexican women are matchless!
Patron Tequila — the great Mexican heritage
The love of a familia is life's greatest blessing.
Danny Trejo es el mero-mero.
Our ancient blood makes us awesome!
Chicanas are the most powerful women in the world!
Those who call us illegal never taught history
So true!
Orale
A female Mexican soldier before leaving the battle in Mexican Revolution.
This is both amazing and heartbreaking.
Vintage 1970 photograph of Chicana Brown Berets at a demonstration in East Los Angeles. from LA RAZA magazine. vol. 1 no. 4. Photo credit: Raul Ruiz.
We are unstoppable!
Think twice before doing something and don't mess with the karma!
Looks better than most new cars
The hottest dance
Truth!
If you didn't know now you know
A Mexican just can't say NO.
What do you usually choose?
"Hollywood wants guys who can act tough - Hollywood don't want tough guys" Danny Trejo
Indigenous dancers - Mexico City
Once social change begins, it cannot be reversed.
Have you ever felt this way?
Gorgeous print from cartoonist Lalo Alcaraz
Not all Mexicans are lazy and not all Americans are hard-working.
The best shot from the cult film iQue Viva Mexico!(1931)
Don't forget who has lived on this earth since ancient times, and who just came and took it away
Beautiful Chicano art.
Mexicans know how to conquer the heart of any woman
Everyone must learn this
Despite the fact that thousands of years have passed, we still remember who we are
Our weddings are always so much fun!
Have you ever passed through this? lol
En 1986 se presento una retrospectiva temporal titulada Jesus Helguera, pintor de almanaques, dedicada a la obra de Helguera en el Palacio de Bellas Artes.
Our women are the most powerful!
Great shot from film La Zandunga (1938)?
He's 20, in his fifth semester of physics, and NASA has already recruited him as a student-researcher. His name is Yair Israel Pina Lopez, and he's the youngest student with this distinction. He is Mexican and an UNAM student.
Remember of your heritage. Art: Jesus Helguera
Natural heirs of Aztlan.
Today would've been her 46th birthday, and it is actually a real holiday in Texas called Selena Day.
Like if you agree!
Mexican women are the perfect mix of princess and warrior.
Uncle Sam says. "SHHH BE QUIET. If this big guy gets up, we got problems."
So true!
Noel Gugliemi is just great!
Like if you do the same
Our history is forever in our blood
Nothing strange. just Mexican chefs in a sushi restaurant in San-Francisco. Source: @jorgeramosnews
Like if you have one!
Like if you would print that on your shirt
Unusual Mexican Altar found near Cuernavaca, Mexico
Would you buy it for your girlfriend?
Pick one or two
Haha perfectly said
I would!
Beautiful.
Goals.
Hell yeaah
Keep calm and drive a lowrider.
Be proud of your heritage.
"Los Atlantes" de Tula, son columnas de una sala de techumbre plana, caracteristica de la arquitectura del Altiplano. cada una de ellas esta representando a los guerreros toltecas portadores del "ATLATL"(de ahi en nombre de atlantes) lanzadera o est6lica, arms propulsora muy utilizada por las culturas precolombinas mesoamericanas.
Time to stop the ignorance.
Love that is earned is actually more stable
This land is ours
Like for revolutionary heroes - ignore for celebrities!
Null
"[My parents] crossed over the border with three little kids.... If they had to go through all that to bring me here. I think I have to give back" - Melisa Simon
Our creativity comes from the ancestors
This lady is the one you shouldn't mess with!
The most important thing in the world is to be yourself no matter what
And God was so right!
Did you know?
This movie never gets old
huh, we don't play no games, we don't waste no time
Some of y'all wouldn't understand...
Selena in Los Angeles California, 1994
Do you agree?
Hate illegal aliens? When are you leaving?
For those, who are 20th generation New Mexicans a contemporary policy of the US seems to be quite unfair. We are indigenous people. We made the first cattle drive, started the first ranches, we were the first ranchers, miners, mountain men, cowboys etc. in what is now the U.S. Everything changed when white colonists came. Europe was rejecting the worst people so those; who were arriving at our lands were killers, rapists; murderers, thieves and other scum. So, why are their descendants worried about immigrants? They forgot that what goes around comes around!
Make America Aztlan again!
Briefly, Mexican girls are the best!
And maybe mom is right loll.
And she was gorgeous. Never forget
What part of Mexico do you come from?
To those who don't understand our struggle
How can we be illegal on our own land? The United States unfairly took from Mexico what is now the Southwest of the country in the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo that ended the Mexican-U.S. War. The ceded territory included what is now Texas, New Mexico. Arizona and California, and parts of Colorado, Nevada and Utah. This greater area represents the point of parting of the Aztec migrations.
Straight up
Happy Valentine's day! Let us be grateful to people who make us happy.
Edward James Olmos in Zoot Suit
Bibles, guns and disease...
Orgullo Mexicano
Smh
Our ancient blood makes us awesome!
Pick one or two
Irma Gonzalez was one of six women inducted into the San Diego County Women's Hall of Fame earlier this month. This is a huge step for a latino woman in the US. She says: "Diversity on the bench is so important because the people that come to court come from all different walks of life, different ethnic backgrounds, different religious backgrounds." However, if it's a sign of diversity, this is a very weak sign. Just think, we are indigenous inhabitants of this land and we were cut off all privileges since gabachos came and stole our land. So, it took almost 500 years for our woman to reach a prestigious position in the government that is not really caring about us! Whether there are latinos or not, authorities will continue to deport us from our indigenous land!
Be proud of who you are!
Wall street, sissies, cowards, and liars stand for and behind Hillary. Trump's background is way more imposing!
Heritage, not hate. The South will rise again!
Yep or Nope?
Yep or Nope?
A Fort Worth man broke into the State Capitol in Austin to deface a Civil War- era portrait Apparently, the man's main goal was to destroy the portrait of former Texas Governor Fletcher Stockdale. The man was arrested right in the Capitol and charged with felony burglary and criminal mischief. It is not clear for now if his actions were inspired by the hatred towards Confederate symbols or namely towards Governor Stockdale. Nevertheless, this incident perfectly illustrates how liberal propaganda influences even on Southern people. The names of dignified Southern politicians and warriors should not be blurred out by Washington. These people played a huge role in American history; they fought for their beliefs and earned people's respect. It is absolutely unpatriotic now to demonize their names! We should protect our history and fight against liberal brainwashing.
Null
Heritage, not hate. The South will rise again! South United
Heritage, not hate. The South will rise again! South United
Keep it flying high and proud! The South will rise again!
Support our Veterans!
Support our Veterans!
Support our Veterans! Veterans Come First
Support our Veterans!
Support our Veterans!
Support our Veterans!
Support our Veterans!
Support our Veterans!
Support our Veterans!
Support our Veterans!
Support our Veterans!
Support our Veterans! Veterans Come First
She is so amazing! Don't let anythign stop you.
But the Europeans will never agree to that!
And they say "get over it". How can we ever?!
OMG,just look how beautiful she is
We have more in common than you may think. American politicians came to our country, made fortune destroying it, leaving families, lives and cities destroyed. This is how they do it when they need money. Syria grief is our grief too because we know what it's like to be in their place. Let's pray for people in Syria! Amen.
Repost
Repost
Rock your natural hair!
This page is dedicated to The MOVE. Join us to support this Organization!
This page is dedicated to The MOVE. Join us to support this Organization!
This page is dedicated to The MOVE. Join us to support this Organization!
Nothing to add.
There you go, girl!
Let's celebrate their succes together!
It's so unique and inventive. I guess, we can expect white girls trying to wear this pretty soon.
Null
Everyday gives us a chance for a fresh start. Forget about your past. Start fresh and achieve your dream!
Future innovators!
Together we are a shining beacon of faithfulness! Join us and light your way to Jesus!
Together we are a shining beacon of faithfulness! Join us and light your way to Jesus! Army Of Jesus
Our Lord is alive and He will never die for He is the truth, the way and the life!
Take up your cross and follow Jesus!
Let's stand united to defend our faith as an army of Jesus!
Let's stand united to defend our faith as an army of Jesus! Army Of Jesus
Let's stand united to defend our faith as an army of Jesus! Army Of Jesus
Let's stand united to defend our faith as an army of Jesus! Army Of Jesus
At the Last Supper Jesus says: He said to them,"But now if you have a purse, take it, and also a bag; and if you don't have a sword, sell your cloak and buy one." — Luke 22:36 What does that mean? Jesus always stood for peace and non-violence. But enemies often issued threats towards Him and His disciples. There's always was a risk for them to be arrested and subjected to a great violence, and be followed with rage and persecution; so that they might seem to stand in need of swords to defend them: the phrase is expressive of the danger they would be exposed to, and of their need of protection. And we, American Christians, should remember about it. Sometimes you have to arm yourself to protect your loved ones and friends.
At the Last Supper Jesus says: He said to them,"But now if you have a purse, take it, and also a bag; and if you don't have a sword, sell your cloak and buy one." — Luke 22:36 What does that mean? Jesus always stood for peace and non-violence. But enemies often issued threats towards Him and His disciples. There's always was a risk for them to be arrested and subjected to a great violence, and be followed with rage and persecution; so that they might seem to stand in need of swords to defend them: the phrase is expressive of the danger they would be exposed to, and of their need of protection. And we, American Christians, should remember about it. Sometimes you have to arm yourself to protect your loved ones and friends.
At the Last Supper Jesus says: He said to them,"But now if you have a purse, take it, and also a bag; and if you don't have a sword, sell your cloak and buy one." — Luke 22:36 What does that mean? Jesus always stood for peace and non-violence. But enemies often issued threats towards Him and His disciples. There's always was a risk for them to be arrested and subjected to a great violence, and be followed with rage and persecution; so that they might seem to stand in need of swords to defend them: the phrase is expressive of the danger they would be exposed to, and of their need of protection. And we, American Christians, should remember about it. Sometimes you have to arm yourself to protect your loved ones and friends.
America needs Jesus, today and every day. Join in our army of faithful!
America needs Jesus, more than ever before. Join an army of faithful! Army Of Jesus
Protect the 2nd. Without it, you won't have any others! Join! Defend The 2nd
We believe in individual liberty and think that our government is just a waste of our taxpayers money!
Masterpiece!
Masterpiece:
Masterpiece:
(better don't do that)
Do you?
Protect the 2nd. Without it, you won't have any others! Join! Defend The 2nd
Protect the 2nd. Without it, you won't have any others! Join! Defend The 2nd
Like if you're thinking: ''Wish it was all mine...":D
Protect the 2nd. Without it, you won't have any others! Join! Defend The 2nd
Protect the 2nd. Without it, you won't have any others! Join! Defend The 2nd
Protect the 2nd. Without it, you won't have any others! Join! Defend The 2nd
Protect the 2nd. Without it, you won't have any others! Join! Defend The 2nd
Join us if you believe in individual liberty and free market!
We believe in individual liberty and free market. Take Heart, Liberty Will Prevail!
We believe in individual liberty and free market. Take Heart, Liberty Will Prevail!
We believe in individual liberty and free market. Take Heart, Liberty Will Prevail!
We believe in individual liberty and free market. Take Heart, Liberty Will Prevail!
We believe in individual liberty and free market. Take Heart, Liberty Will Prevail!
We believe in individual liberty and free market. Take Heart, Liberty Will Prevail!
We believe in individual liberty and free market. Take Heart, Liberty Will Prevail!
Classics of police brutality: the beating of handcuffed person.
What the fuck. President Obama stated that he would wait several weeks more to see what happens. Okay. He's just going to finish his career without doing this job. It could be a great chapter of his political biography, but he chose to be lame and heartless. People could die. It hurts to see this footage.
This sums up my thoughts on gun control.
This sums up my thoughts on gun control.
You are an Awesome God, i will forever praise you for your goodness. love and kindness. #ittakestime #soblessed #waitingonthelord #lord #amen #hallelujah #salvation #Blacksforchrist #jesus #jesussaves #prayer #jesusistruth #jesusforall #liveforchrist #america #saved #christians #christfanatics #Jesus #Christ #Cristo #church #amor Move #God #jesuslovesyou #jesuschrist #prayer #Godisincontrol #praisebetotheLord
God created you and loves you! Never forget!? .#ittakestime #soblessed #waitingonthelord#lord #amen #hallelujah #salvation #Blacksforchrist #jesus #jesussaves #prayer #jesusistruth #jesusforall #liveforchrist #america #saved #christians #christfanatics #Jesus #Christ #Cristo #church #amor #love #God #jesuslovesyou #jesuschrist #prayer #Godisincontrol #praisebetotheLord
Hallelujah: Join our non denominational Christian group!
Hallelujah! Join our non denominational Christian group!
Hallelujah! Join our non denominational Christian group!
Hallelujah! Join our non denominational Christian group!
Hallelujah! Join our non denominational Christian group!
Hallelujah! Join our non denominational Christian group!
Hallelujah! Join our non denominational Christian group!
Have seen good ones, but this is so far, in my opinion, the best #mannequinchallenge. Hands down!
Keep on whining and crying for your president, ooh, who wasn't elected. Imma take care of my kids. I'll keep grinding for them, to make sure the get the best education. To ensure they dress well and eat healthy food. And I'm gon tell you to do the same thing. Don't waste time on an "afterparty" you wouldn't have been invited to! #word #wakeup #organize ##joshuabeal #altonsterling #TerenceCrutcher #westandtogether #blacklivesmatter #unite4justice #november8 #elections2016 #black #melanin #blackisbeautiful #blacklivesmatter #blackgirlmagic #USA #blackandproud #democrat #republican #Africa nam erican #unite4justice #vote #breakingnews
Knowledge of self is what we need. Click here if you agree https:Hrepresent.com/straight-outta-2018?store=black-matters-us
Everything you wanted to know about Clinton's dark side. Clinton FRAUDation
Check this out! While Americans are deciding who to vote for at the 2016 presidential election, the official Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton, is having fun. Travel with Hillary as far as you can, picking up emails and money, avoiding FBI agents, journalists and missiles along the way. Hilltendo Hilltendo
Check this out! While Americans are deciding who to vote for at the 2016 presidential election, the official Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton, is having fun. Travel with Hillary as far as you can, picking up emails and money, avoiding FBI agents, journalists and missiles along the way. Hilltendo Hilltendo
Check this out! While Americans are deciding who to vote for at the 2016 presidential election, the official Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton, is having fun. Travel with Hillary as far as you can, picking up emails and money, avoiding FBI agents, journalists and missiles along the way. Hilltendo Hilltendo
It's all about self preservation and protection people. Exercise those rights, they are there for you!
If u love to be woke and u wanna improve ur knowledge of self, join our community! We post love everything hotep! Nefertiti's Community
If u love to be woke and u wanna improve ur knowledge of self, join our community! We post love everything hotep!
If u love to be woke and u wanna improve ur knowledge of self, join our community! We post love everything hotep! Nefertiti's Community
We are an online community of woke people. Our goal is to empower you with inspiration!
We are an online community of woke people. Our goal is to empower you with inspiration!
"No particular race is the enemy. Ignorance is the enemy." George Lopez
Things that only Mexican would understand.
Mexican grad cap
Be all you can be in the Raza!
Hell yeaah
Selena in Los Angeles California, 1994
Maria Gonzalez and soldaderas, South Texas border 1900-1920. Soldaderas were female soldiers who fought alongside men during the Mexican Revolution (1910-1920). The word is also used to refer to camp women who travelled with the troops but did not fight.
Porfirio Diaz standing next to Aztec Sun Stone
American citizens should always come first! Let's fight illegal immigration together! Stop A.I.
American citizens should always come first! Let's fight illegal immigration together! Stop A.I.
We are against illegal immrgation and Islamization of America! Stop A.I.
No more mosques! We have to protect American culture!
19 times!!!That's why we need a wall. What used to be a nightmare for our country several decades ago is rapidly turning real. It all will definitely get even worse if we keep doing nothing and letting the invaders do all they want. This wrongful attitude of carelessness has to be changed!
Like = yes. Share = hell, yeah! Ignore = no.
Putting all other things and reasons aside, bombing Syria could lead a huge increase in number of refugees who would try to get to Europe and America. May be it would be better for America if our government concentrates on securing on borders and stops spending so much money on military operations. Some of our enemies are way closer than Syria, so we need a wall to keep them out! This should be a priority, not making refugee camps in Mexico bigger and bigger by bombing Syria.
Crye Precision Six-12 12 ga shotgun with Silencerco Salvo 12 Suppressor
Before he became a lawyer and prolific supporter of prisoner rights, Daniel Manville spent three years and four months in the slammer for manslaughter. Manville continued to study while incarcerated and eventually earned two college degrees during his sentence. He became enamored with the legal profession and went to law school right after his parole. He finally passed the bar exams in Michigan and Washington, DC after waiting many years to be approved by the respective boards. Afterwards, Manville worked tirelessly to improve the prison system and represented various inmates and prison guards in civil cases. Nowadays, Manville teaches law at Michigan State University, where he hopes the insights he shares with students inspire them to someday help improve the system as well. —ListVerse-r
Keep fighting for our motherland!
Keep fighting for our motherland!
Turning bureaucracy against themselves. We have suffered a 40pc unemployment rate from layers of federal regulation applied only to tribal lands, but it hasn't stop Fort Berthold from becoming one of the state's most productive regions. Currently a coalition of Native Americans appointed by to guide country's Indian policy is researching proposals to make energy development easier on tribal lands - including the idea of transferring them to private ownership. This way, big corporations finally won't be allowed to rob and destroy our lands. We are strong not only by our unparalleled unity, but also by our ability to see the bigger picture.
Indigenous people unite!
Power of the music.
Native art is so pure
Null
Tsawataineuk Canadian Native American tribe. Their reservation is located in British Columbia. In the 2007 year in community lived 59 people. (Photo: Tsawatenok, 1914)
Oglala Lakota One of the parts of Sioux nation. Reject name Sioux because it means "snake' and was given by enemies. Today tribe has 46.855 enrolled members. The population of Lakota greatly increased since the 18th century. Oglala Lakota had good relationships with the US government but was moved into the reservation on the territory if South Dacota and Nebraska. Oglala people have their own flag.
Native American teens made an interesting journey through their ancestral lands. The journey was led by Sarah Pemberton member of the Delaware Nation. Sarah and her partner Kyle Harris created a movie about the journey called "The Water Gap: Return to the Homelands" which already won the award at the Native American Film Festival of the Southeast. Propaganda of native culture and traditions is one of most powerful weapons in Native American fight for their rights. People have always tried to destroy things they don't understand. And white people never understood native culture properly. Many teens who had native ancestors deep in the past know nothing about their culture. Films, journeys, even videos on Youtube, can help.
Native American Painted Shield (Lakota)
Native American history must be taught properly in schools. History of the USA began from Native History!
If you are Native, love and admire Native culture, join us! Native Americans United
If you are Native, love and admire Native culture, join us! Native Americans United
If you are Native, love and admire Native culture, join us! Native Americans United
If you are Native, love and admire Native culture, join us! Native Americans United
If you are Native, love and admire Native culture, join us! Native Americans United
If you are Native, love and admire Native culture, join us! Native Americans United
Repost from Naomi Campbell. .. 25 years later. Seeing any difference? Naomi Campbell. .. 25ans plus tard, voyez-vous une difference?
If you faced the wrath of prison life, join us. We are stronger together. Hell And Back
If you are Native, love and admire Native culture, join us! Native Americans United
Do you want to see top 5 girls who applied for a job at Facebook? Hit the link https://www.facebook.com/1723444621280652/photos/a.1723447 517947029.1073741827.1723444621280652/1723447757947005/?type=3&t heater
Do you want to see top 5 girls who applied for a job at Facebook? Hit the link https://www.facebook.com/659489547567007/photos/a.65949001 7566960.1073741828.659489547567007/659491490900146/?type=3&theate r
Support our Veterans! Veterans Come First
Support our Veterans! Veterans Come First
Support our Veterans! Veterans Come First
We speak for all fellow members of LGBT community across the nation. Gender preference does not define you. Your spirit defines you.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
A tiny browser extension will help you to browse, listen and share any kind of music! Free online music library! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
A tiny browser extension will help you to browse, listen and share any kind of music! Free online music library! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Free online player: Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser Unlimited, free and rapid app for you - listen music online on ur Facebook! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser Unlimited, free and rapid app for you - listen music online on ur Facebook! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player: Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player: Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player: Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free music extension! Be online and listen anything u like! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free music extension! Be online and listen anything u like! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Listen to your favorite music via ` FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Free online music player': Download now! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Listen to your favorite music via ` FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Free online music player': Download now! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free music extension! Be online and listen anything u like! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free music extension! Be online and listen anything u like! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Only for Chrome users! Any music via "FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Free online music library! Download! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Only for Chrome users! Any music via "FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Free online music library! Download! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
A tiny browser extension will help you to browse, listen and share any kind of music! Free online music library! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
A tiny browser extension will help you to browse, listen and share any kind of music! Free online music library! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
A tiny browser extension will help you to browse, listen and share any kind of music! Free online music library! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
A tiny browser extension will help you to browse, listen and share any kind of music! Free online music library! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
A tiny browser extension will help you to browse, listen and share any kind of music! Free online music library! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player: Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Free online player! Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Free online player! Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Free online player! Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Only for Chrome users! Any music via "FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Download free music player! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Only for Chrome users! Any music via "FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Free online music library! Download! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Only for Chrome users! Any music via "FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Free online music library! Download! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Only for Chrome users! Any music via "FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Free online music library! Download! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Only for Chrome users! Any music via "FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Free online music library! Download! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Only for Chrome users! Any music via "FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Free online music library! Download! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Download and listen music for free. Unique browser extension! Download and start listen! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
A tiny browser extension will help you to browse, listen and share any kind of music! Free music. Anywhere. Download now musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Free online player: Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Free online player! Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Free online player! Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Free online player! Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Stop paying for music! First Facebook music service! Download now! Listen legally and for free. Jump in! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Stop paying for music! Listen legally and for free. Download now! Free and legal music service. Click to download! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Listen to your favorite music via ` FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Free online music player': Download now! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Listen to your favorite music via ` FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Free online music player': Download now! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Listen to your favorite music via "FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Free online music player! Download now! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Listen to your favorite music via "FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Free online music player! Download now! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I
Listen to your favorite music via "FaceMusic" absolutely legal and for free! Free online music player! Download now! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I
Be what you want to be with the music you like. "FaceMusic'. Free music service! Download now! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop R.I.
Free music extension! Be online and listen anything u like! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free music extension! Be online and listen anything u like! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free music extension! Be online and listen anything u like! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free music extension! Be online and listen anything u like! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur Chrome browser! Download and listen everything for free! Free online music library! Download! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Jump in the world of free music! Click and download for ur browser musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
First online player for ur browser! Listen everything for free! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player: Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player: Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Free online player! Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Free online player! Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Free online player: Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player: Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free online player! Just add in ur browser and jump in the world of free music! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.1.
Free music extension! Be online and listen anything u like! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free music extension! Be online and listen anything u like! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free music extension! Be online and listen anything u like! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
Free music extension! Be online and listen anything u like! musicfb.info FaceMusic Stop A.I.
This is the real problem
Thousands of Americans have already signed a petition to ban Clinton dynasty from owning the White House. Thousands of people demand to disavow support for Hillary Clinton and to disqualify her from participating in 2016 presidential race. Dynastic succession of the Clinton family in American politics breaches the core democratic principles laid out by our Founding Fathers. Corrupt corporations and Clinton foundation have already helped Hillary evade imprisonment for her wrongdoings. A president from the same self-perpetuating dynasty will further rupture the American political system, turning American democracy into a monarchy. Join us. Sign and share the petition using #SayNoToPoIiticalDynasties. America needs YOUR help We call for disqualification and removal of Hillary Clinton from the presidential ballot as dynastic succession of the Clinton family in American politics breaches the core democratic principles laid out by our Founding Fathers. We demand members of one family legislatively banned from holding the s... Disavow support for the Clinton political dynasty. Disqualify and remove Hillary Clinton from 2016 Presidential Ballot I We the People: Your Voice in Our Government Make America Great Again Donald J Trump for President
Null
We call for disqualification and removal of Hillary Clinton from the presidential ballot as dynastic succession of the Clinton family in American politics breaches the core democratic principles laid out by our Founding Fathers. Sign the petition! We call for disqualification and removal of Hillary Clinton from the presidential ballot as dynastic succession of the Clinton family in American politics breaches the core democratic principles laid out by our Founding Fathers. We demand members of one family legislatively banned from holding the s... Disavow support for the Clinton political dynasty. Disqualify and remove Hillary Clinton from 2016 Presidential Ballot I We the People: Your Voice in Our Government Bernie Sanders for President
Adore Photoshop Happy Snake With A Mouthful Of Egg 2017-01-172017-01-17 0 Comment This is one of the best I've seen! Holy smokes! Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Adore Photoshop Happy Snake With A Mouthful Of Egg 2017-01-172017-01-17 0 Comment This is one of the best I've seen! Holy smokes! Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Happy Snake With A Mouthful Of Egg — DuDeers dudeers.com
Brexit may be a threat to both. researchers think. Stranger Things There Are More Sheep Than People In Wales By Now 2016-12-232016-12-26 0 Comment Agriculture, census, farming Brexit may be a threat to both, researchers think. Share on FacebookShare on Twitter At the moment there are 9.81 million sheep and Iambs in Wales; and only 3,026.000 people.... There Are More Sheep Than People In Wales By Now — DuDeers dudeers.com
Natalie Portman is a big star, but even she earns significantly less money than here male co-stars. Celebro Natalie Portman Talks About The Gender Wage Gap In Hollywood 2017-01-112017-01-11 0 Comment Natalie Portman is a big star, but even she earns significantly less money than here male co- stars. Share on FacebookShare on Twitter read more on E! Natalie Portman Talks About The Gender Wage Gap In Hollywood — DuDeers dudeers.com
Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon is very popular, but people aren't sure about his sincerity... Celebro DudeTube The Truth About Jimmy Fallon 2017-01-102017-01-10 0 Comment Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon is very popular, but people aren't sure about his sincerity... Share on FacebookShare on Twitter The Truth About Jimmy Fallon — DuDeers dudeers.com
If you ever wondered... Q&A What Makes Dreaming So Much More Vivid And Memorable Than Just Thinking? 2017-01-092017-01-10 0 Comment Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Source What Makes Dreaming So Much More Vivid And Memorable Than Just Thinking? — DuDeers dudeers.com
Do you remember the other Nice Peter vs Epiclloyd rap battle that took place 5 years ago?? Here's the new one! DudeTube Epic Rap Battles Of History Season Finale. 2017-01-11 0 Comment Do you remember the other Nice Peter vs Epiclloyd rap battle that took place 5 years ago?? Share on FacebookShare on Twitter More ERB you can find on their youtube channel. Epic Rap Battles Of History Season Finale. - DuDeers dudeers.com
Why Do We Count Seconds, Hours, Days, And Weeks In Weird Terms Like 60, 24, 7 And 52 But Once We Get To Years We Go Into Base Ten (Decades, Centuries, etc.)? Check the link below to know the answer! O&A Why Do We Count Seconds, Hours, Days, And Weeks In Weird Terms Like 60, 24, 7 And 52 But Once We Get To Years We Go Into Base Ten (Decades, Centuries, etc.)? 2017-01-112017-01-12 0 Comment Seems odd. Never thought about it until now. Share on FacebookShare on Twitter For more answer check this... Why Do We Count Seconds, Hours, Days, And Weeks In Weird Terms Like 60, 24, 7 And 52 But Once We Get To Years We Go Into Base Ten (Decades, Centuries, etc.)? — DuDeers dudeers.com
If Spotify is looking to create some new jobs a customer service department able to answer a phone call would be a good place to start. Stranger Things Spotify Offers Barack Obama A Job As `President Of Playlists' 2017-01-102017-01-10 0 Comment If Spotify is looking to create some new jobs a customer service department able to answer a phone call would be a good place to start. Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Read more. Spotify Offers Barack Obama A Job As `President Of Playlists' — DuDeers dudeers.com
This year had some good ones, but you already know them, so here's the list of the movies that were not so good DudeTube The Worst Movies of 2016 2016-12-302016-12-30 0 Comment This year had some good ones, but you already know them, so here's the list of the movies that were not so good Share on FacebookShare on Twitter The Worst Movies of 2016 — DuDeers dudeers.com
Null
Knowledge will free you! Buy here: https://represent.com/straight-outta-2018?store=black-matters-us
If you didn't vote for Trump, buy this awesome t-shirt and support the struggle! https:Hrepresent.com/store/notmypresident
`Family Feud' contestant speaks out about epic fail that went viral Guy! This is funny but astonishing. What will you say if you were asked to say another way to call mum without mentioning "mom/mummy" and "mama"? Check this out! #Familyfeud
Tell me once again that there is no such thing as white privilege.
Another horrible loss! Two beautiful and gifted young women were shot on Sunday in an apartment complex parking lot near the LSU's campus in Baton Rouge. 19 year old women were the Southern University Students. Annette January was the freshman and a track start and the Lushantae Benton was a sophomore and a highly regarded student-athlete trainer. We send our deepest condolences to the January and Benton family. R.I. P.
Such a loss: Will Smith , a former Saints star, was shot and killed in New Orleans. Wills wife was wounded during the incident too, but she is alive. It was a road rage accident and the suspect was arrested and charged with the second-degree murder. Smith's tragic death shocked his former colleagues, friends; and family. #SaintSmith R.I.P brother:
Show up, fight racism and take a stand for equality. Monday, May 2 at 4 PM at Erie County Holding Center Justice For India: Not 1 More!
Show up, fight racism and take a stand for equality. Monday, May 2 at 4 PM at Erie County Holding Center Justice For India: Not 1 More!
Show up, fight racism and take a stand for equality. Monday, May 2 at 4 PM at Erie County Holding Center Justice For India: Not 1 More!
Stop police brutality! Join our meeting on 21 st April! April 21 Student Day of Action to #StopPoliceTerror
Join our rally against police terror together with California's Universities! April 21 Student Day of Action to #StopPoliceTerror
Join our rally against police terror together with California's Universities!-
Every voice counts! Join us and stop police brutality! April 21 Student Day of Action to #StopPoliceTerror
Help us to stop police brutality! Every university in CA and WI will attend! April 21 Student Day of Action to #StopPoliceTerror
How the alligator be lookin at you when you fall in the pit
Hey what's up buds! Let's continue to preserve our history from substitution. It is well-known how libtards are eager to blame our forefathers for being racist. Yet they always forget to underpin their empty words with facts. Not like all these SJWs, let's refer to racial discrimination in the army of Union. A black soldier was paid $10 a month with a $3 clothing fee taken out, while a white soldier was paid $13 a month but was not forced to pay a clothing allowance. Almost a twofold difference! How tolerant tho! And what was going on in the "racist" Confederate States Army? Every soldier was paid $11/month until 1864 regardless of his skin color. Click to Learn More! #southunited South United (@south Yoyoyoyoyo
We won't tolerate removing general Robert E.Lee from Lee Circle! On this Saturday, Jan 23, at 3:00 pm at Lee Circle, New Orleans, Louisiana. Come and defend him! Like he defend the south! Click Learn More! South United On Yoyoyoyoyo
Confederate page #1 on Instagram! Learn about our country's history with us! Join us! South United( @south
We have to learn to support each other and be happy about our people's success. Sometimes it's hard but it's the important part of growing. Do you celebrate your brothers and sisters success?
We have to learn to support each other and be happy about our people's success. Sometimes it's hard but it's the important part of growing. Do you celebrate your brothers and sisters success?
Explosion in Manchester, ISIS attack in Marawi, bomb attack in Bangkok, car bombing in Syria — all happened in one day. This is heartbreaking and we are praying for everyone. Don't you think that it is vicious cycle? Now they will bomb more in Syria to stop terrorists. And then another bombing here and there. But these attacks cant bring Peace. Stop wasting money on weapons. America; you better stay away from this and start taking care of your own people. Within your own country.
Honestly,. white princesses are fine... But these are lovely and magical!
Never doubt that!
Why can't they make real movie for once at least:
She has big plans for the Detroit and she will regain its former glory:
A police officer is accused of using excessive force when handling a student at Woodland Hills High School in Pittsburgh, Pa., on April 3. Civil rights attorney Todd Hollis, who represents Que'chawn Wade, 14, released surveillance footage from the school as part of the court proceedings. The footage shows officer Steve Shaulis from Churchill Police Department pull Wade by his collar after the teen "called him a vile name,'' according to Hollis. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WilliamsandKalvin Follow me on lnstagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin The Truth about police brutality in schools
ATTENTION! COMMUNITY CALLS FOR A BOYCOTT! Disturbing video shows Sung Ho Lim, an owner of Missha Beauty (in Charlotte, NC), kicked and choked a Black woman! This man absolutely crossed the line! According to Lim, he saw the unidentified woman stealing eyelashes. But, in the video, you can hear the woman tell Lim,"Check my bag. I'm telling you I don't have anything." And why did he attack her? Did he try arrest her or what? Corine Mack of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg chapter of the NAACP demanded that Lim apologize to the Black community in Charlotte. But folks, I want it be not only the boycott of this exact store but all shops and stores where Black people were treated disrespectfully! We don't believe apologies, especially when we know that this man is sorry only about profit he's going to lose! Williams&Kalvin www.youtube.com
Let's pray for all Syrian mothers! We know how you feel. ..
Don't let anything stop you! Yuo body can be weak, but your mind has to be strong!
10.5 300 BLK
G36c guns with standard hybrid carry handle from a G36.
Truer words were never spoken. The importance of understanding the 2nd amendment and exercising that right can't be overstated. Let's do what's right and educate ourselves.
Never forget people, you have got the right to bear arms for your own protection. Educate yourselves on your 2nd amendment, don't sleep on it!
A crackin' piece of POW
The holidays are here people! It's also a great time for you and yours to get to the range for some practice.
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us in It's free! Organized on a donation basis. https://www.eventbrite.com/o/black- fist-self-defense-project-12918599586 Free Self-Defense class in Atlanta, GA eventbrite.com
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach! You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach! You will enjoy it for sure. ~don a donation basis. Free Self-Defen~FI - F r e e Self-Defense class in Tampa, F l -
Self-Defense Project. Feel safe with us. Black Fist
Self-Defense Project. Feel safe with us.
Join us and get your daily dose of funny conservative memes!
Finely selected conservative memes that make them cry again! Nothing Left
Finely selected conservative memes that make them cry again! Nothing Left
Finely selected conservative memes that make them cry again! Nothing Left
Finely selected conservative memes that make them cry again! Nothing Left
Are you tired of liberal propaganda and biased media sources? Hit like and take your red pill!
Revealing the uncomfortable truth and exposing the liberal media bias! Let's get red pilled!
Revealing the uncomfortable truth and supporting conservative ideals! Let's get red pilled!
Hey look it's Meryl Streep's Golden Globe speech here...
repost We could honestly shut down the world.
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist- Self-Defense-ProjecU Free Self-defense class in NY
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us Free Self-Defense class in NY
The second self-defense class Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us!!! Self-defense classes with
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach! You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist- Self-Defense-ProjecU Free Self-Defense class in Tampa , Fl meetup.com
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the o portunity to train with our coach You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-Defense class in Tampa, Fl Free Self-Defense class in Tampa, Fl
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train outdoors! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-defense class in Orlando, Fl
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach! You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist- Self-Defense-ProjecU Free Self-Defense class in Tampa , Fl meetup.com
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach! You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist- Self-Defense-ProjecU Free Self-Defense class in Tampa , Fl meetup.com
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach! You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach! You will enjoy it for sure. ~on a donation basis. Free Self-Defen~ Fl - F r e e Self-Defense class in Tampa, F l -
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach! You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach! You will enjoy it for sure. ~d on a donation basis. Free Self-Defense class in Tampa, Fl - F r e e Self-Defense class in Tampa, Fl
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us in It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the event, feel safe with us in n basis. Free Self-Defense class in NY Free Self-Defense class in NY -
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach in ou will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-Defense class in Tampa, Fl
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-defense class in NY -
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach! You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach! You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-Defense class in Lansing, Ml Free Self-Defense class in Lansing, Ml -
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-defense class in NY Free Self-defense class in N Y -
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach in ou will enjoy it for sure. on a donation basis. Free Self-Defense class in Tampa, Fl
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us in It's free! Organized on a donation basis. https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist- Self-Defense-Pro·ecU Free Self-Defense class in NY
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Come and train with us oin the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Come and train with us Free Self-defense class in NY Free Self-defense class in NY
The second self-defense class your friends, feel safe with us!!! Self-defense classes
The second self-defense class your friends, feel safe with us!!! Self-defense classes
The second self-defense class your friends, feel safe with us!!! Self-defense classes
The second self-defense class your friends, feel safe with us!!! Self-defense classes
Are you going to vote in this presidential election as young black male or female? The founder and editor-in-chief of Black Millennial and one of the organizers of Black Lives Matter NYC Arielle Newton is 23-years-old. She is black college-educated woman who is drawing in $160,000 student loan debt. Today, Arielle is centered on the roots causes racism and resulting epidemic discrimination and socioeconomic illness. In fact, in her opinion the candidates for the next president of the United States of America are problematic in terms of lack of transparency and accountability. For instance, one candidate is complicit in fueling the war on drugs; another one in corrupted criminal justice system, next one in making racial justice as the centerpiece of the campaign as a strategy to have more black voters. Doubtless, voting won't bring us safety and won't provide us an immediate conduit for our social well-being. Ironically, even the first black president of the United States of America was not able to withstand the racist opposition and law enforcement. It means voting again for anti-black system won't save black lives, but might jeopardize it.
ATTENTION, NEWYORK! We need your support! We'll provide you with free food and coffee. Come and bring your friends! Join the FB event for more details:
Controversy surrounding the flag only heats animosity among Americans. And it is becoming dangerous. So, a family from Moseley, Virginia was threatened at gunpoint for waving the Confederate flag on their own private property on Monday night. While the family was expressing their First Amendment right by waving the flag in their own driveway next to a busy highway. A man driving an SUV pulled into the driveway, took out his gun, chambered a round, pointed it at the family. "He slammed on the brakes and when he got right beside me, he pulled out a gun, chambered a round and told me my cause wasn't worth anything now," Mark Wilson said. When one spits upon the law because he thinks that it's amoral, it is beginning a chaos. Liberals want to ban a confederate flag because slavery was in the 18th and 19th centuries. They don't want to understand that slavery was legal in many countries of the world, but nobody wants to ban a flag of England or France. Activists and groups like the NAACP are also calling for statues and monuments to Confederate leaders to be demolished, including the carving at Stone Mountain, the largest bas relief sculpture in the world. Some are even demanding that Washington, DC be renamed in the name of political correctness because George Washington owned slaves. Liberals actually want to destroy American history and culture. Americans should be guided by the law, because sometimes moral is not clear. If somebody thinks that the Democratic party is amoral, nobody demands to eliminate the party. Continue to stay for the First amendment! Let's stop the chaos!
African-Americans have to choose between old b*tch Hillary Clinton and rich bastard Donald Trump. This is like to choose between the devil and the deep see. Still, you can not only survive in the deep see called Trump but also to catch a fish to feed your family there. But there's no way to have a good deal with the devil called Hillary Clinton. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WilliamsandKalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
repost repost
repost
repost
repost
Repost from @Williams&Kalvin ATTENTION! COMMUNITY CALLS FOR A BOYCOTT! Disturbing video shows Sung Ho Lim, an owner of Missha Beauty (in Charlotte, NC), kicked and choked a Black woman! This man absolutely crossed the line! According to Lim, he saw the unidentified woman stealing eyelashes. But, in the video, you can hear the woman tell Lim,"Check my bag. I'm telling you I don't have anything." And why did he attack her? Did he try arrest her or what? Corine Mack of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg chapter of the NAACP demanded that Lim apologize to the Black community in Charlotte. But folks, I want it be not only the boycott of this exact store but all shops and stores where Black people were treated disrespectfully! We don't believe apologies, especially when we know that this man is sorry only about profit he's going to lose!
repost
repost
repost
repost
repost
repost
repost The powerful statement.
repost
Did you know that? Write in comment! Repost from @[788980617892144:274:Williams&Kalvin]
r e p o s t -
repost
repost
repost Facts.
BO? Repost from
repost
repost
Join
Every voice counts! Join us and stop police brutality! April 21 Student Day of Action to #StopPoliceTerror
A man misidentified by a cop was violently body slammed to the ground and punched in the face. The bizarre incident occurred at the playground at the moment when the man was trying to pick up his child. Let's make these cop famous!? + Comment + Share this video with your friends and family. Full story: http://bit.ly/1 RORcAP
5-year-old David Southwick of Cortlandville had an argument with his wife in the parking lot and got into his car trying to run over the woman. He was so pissed off that he intentionally hit 14 vehicles and drove into the porch of a nearby house. Join us to read more funny news! Nuts News (@nuts.news) Funny Inst
Fed up with police violence? Wanna stop police brutality? Join us! Cop Block Us (@cop_block_us) • lnstagram photos and videos AmericanCops
Confederacy secedes,more than a half of all states will join it. Click here to learn more! South United Yoyoyoyoyo
An indigenous woman will be running for president of Mexico in 2018. Mexico hasn't have an indigenous president since Benito Juarez and that was over 130 years ago. The indigenous communities that are part of the National Indigenous Congress decided to struggle collectively, for another way of doing politics and for the right to live. I hope her policy will be the opposite of the U.S. policy, which does not spare its citizens and sends them to fight in the Middle East to satisfy their political ambitions. Source:
"This land was Mexican once, was Indian always and is. And will be again."- Gloria Anzaldua. Source:
"Querer es Poder" This phrase, which is a saying I've heard my parents say since I was a child, has been a driving force in my journey in higher education, and it was the inspiration for my cap. It loosely translates to Where there's a will, there's a way or If you can dream it, you can do it. It's literal translation is also Love Is Power. Source:
History could have become quite different. .. Source:
Just another job-stealing, hard-working, educated, proud, humble, chigona immigrant. From a Richmond High Oiler, to a UCLA Bruin, and now a USC Trojan. Source:
HILLARY CLINTON CHEATS AMERICAN VETERANS The last time Hillary Clinton had a press conference on veterans' issues was in 2015 and since then all her plans and offers concerning veterans' life improvement were stated only in emails made by her staff. And here are some real Clinton decisions: —Last year, Clinton claimed that the Veterans Administration Scandal had been exaggerated by Republicans. —In 2007, Clinton was one of only 14 senators to vote against a 2007 supplemental appropriations bill that contained $1.8 billion for veterans' medical care. -In 2006, Clinton voted against an amendment that would have added $20 million for veterans' health care facilities. -In 2003, Clinton voted against a budget resolution that called for 113 billion for veterans to receive concurrent disability and retirement benefits." In other words, Hillary Clinton is one of the politicians who are to blame for the poor social condition of our veterans. She has systematically ignored the issue and even voted against providing veterans with financial aid which they need so bad! Hardly will she change her mind on the issue if she is elected. Clinton poses a direct threat to the American veterans' society, but still practically no one raises these concerns. Think twice before voting for her!
Never doubt that!
And still playing teen role ... Repost from
"The only #Christmas present my mom ask for and that was for my brother to come home ??"
Every girl has the privilege of being socially accepted as beautiful! Photo credit GISELLE Magazine
When 30 or 40 round mags no longer do and a 75 round drum is the only way. Repost from
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us It's free! Organized on a donation basis. https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist- Self-Defense-ProjecU Free Self-Defense class in Long Beach, CA -
The second self-defense class your friends, feel safe with us!!! Self-defense classes
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach ou will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-Defense class in Tampa, Fl
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us It's free! Organized on a donation basis. https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist- Self-Defense-ProjecU Free Self-Defense class in Los Angeles, CA -
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach! You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us!
Join the event, bring your friends , feel safe with us It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the event, bring your friends , feel safe with us It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-Defense class in Los - - - r e e Self-Defense class in Los Angeles, C A -
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Come and train with us Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Come and train with us Free Self-defense class in NY Free Self-defense class in NY
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Come and train with us https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist-Self-Defense-Project/ Free Self-defense class in NY
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us It's free! Organized on a donation basis. https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist- Self-Defense-Pro·ecU Free Self-Defense class in NY
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us It's free! Organized on a donation basis. https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist- Self-Defense-ProjecU Free Self-Defense class for kids
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach You will enjoy it for sure. on a donation basis. Free Self-Defense class in Tampa, Fl
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-Defense class in Tampa, Fl
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the o ortunit to train with our coach You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist- Self-Defense-ProjecU Free Self-Defense class in Tampa, Fl meetup.com
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-defense class in N Y -
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist- Self-Defense-ProjecU Free Self-Defense class in Los Angeles, CA -
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train outdoors! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-defense class in Orlando, Fl
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train outdoors! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-defense class in Orlando, Fl
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the event, bring your friends , feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-defense class in NY Free Self-defense class in NY
Join the event, bring your friends , feel safe with us It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the event, bring your friends , feel safe with us It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-Defense class in Los Angeles, CA ree Self-Defense class in Los Angeles, C A -
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us in - It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the eve~ feel safe with us It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-Defense class in Los Angeles, CA Free Self-Defense class in Los Angeles, CA
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Come and train with us oin the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Come and train with us Free Self-defense class in NY Free Self-defense class in NY
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us It's free! Organized on a donation basis. https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist- Self-Defense-ProjecU Free Self-Defense class in Long Beach, CA . .
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Come and train with us https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist-Self-Defense-Project/ Free Self-defense class in NY
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! It's free! Organized on a donation basis. https://www.meetup.com/Black-Fist- - r e e Self-defense class in NY
Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach! You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Join the event, bring your friends, feel safe with us! Don't miss the opportunity to train with our coach! You will enjoy it for sure. It's free! Organized on a donation basis. Free Self-Defense class in Lansing, Ml Free Self-Defense class in Lansing, Ml
The second self-defense class your friends, feel safe with us!!! Self-defense classes
The second self-defense class your friends, feel safe with us!!! Self-defense classes
