Black Matters 4 Cops On 1 Teen: Brutality Against Juveniles L. A. County probation officers brutalize teen in detention center. Fox News Hosts Believe Charleston Shooting Wasn't Hate Crime "Fox & Friends" hosts declare that the shooting was motivated by religious hatred towards Christians, but not racism. Brutal Alabama Cop Fatally Shoots Black Teen Holding Cellphone A mobile police officer fatally shot a 19-year-old black teen, Michael Moore, during a traffic stop Monday, June 13 in Toulminville, Alabama. Black Matters
An unarmed black man who was shot by two officers in Florida in 2013 has been compensated by the state, through the effort of the Black Lives Matter. Fusion reported that the now-paralyzed Dontrell Stephens, the unarmed black man who was shot in Florida during traffic stop in September 2013, by Sgt. Adams Lin Black Man Shot By Police Receives $23M Settlement Because of BLM I Black Matters Black Matters
After what happened in Dallas ordinary Texans did not remain indifferent. Several men armed with AR-15 went to the Splendora Police Department and stood guarding the building. Y'all should do the same thing — we must protect our cops! We won't let some gangsters attack the people who keep our security. If this is a war against police - we're joining this war on the cop's side!
The blue gang is free to do whatever they want.
A black man employed by Comcast being given a ticket for doing his job. This man was working on a house when a bystander reported him to the cops. When police showed up, they drew the gun and told the man to put his hands up because he was accused of walking around the property, looking through windows and searching for a way to steal from home. Despite the fact that the man wore a red Comcast shirt and was standing next to his white Comcast truck searching for some wiring to do his job, the police gave him a ticket for literally doing his job. Welcome to the United States of Racism.
White people do not want to be killed and terrorized by police neither do blacks. This is called injustice.
ANOTHER BLACK MAN MURDERED IN POLICE CUSTODY. THINGS HAVE BEEN VERY SILENT ON HIS BEHALF The 31-year-old black man died Feb. 20 at Fairfield Medical center after he had a °medical episode' at the jail when deputies were moving Ariel J. Clark from one cell to another. According to police reports; Ariel J. Clark, 31 was too combative with officers and was threatening to kill them during his arrest. On February 17, a motorist called 911 after interacting with Clark; reporting that Clark, who was driving his wife and two children from Buffulo to Texas, was threatening to kill him and his son. Clark's wife said that a man and his son began to argue with her husband, who had been acting wierd because he hadn't slept in five days. When the police arrived. Clark was arrested, taken to the Fairfield County Jail where he was placed in a restraint chair for his combative behavior. Three days after arriving in jail, Clark had some breathing difficulties and deputies started chest compression. But an hour later he was pronounced dead at a local hospital. An investigation has been opened after the death of a Fairfield County Jail inmate. Now the question is whether the jail's standard operating procedures were followed. We would like to see a true picture of what he looked like after "fighting" with the police. Also, we would like to see the picture of him when he arrived at hospital. For now the only thing we know is that another black man died in police custody.
No one is above the law! Against Police Brutality!
We want to live in the country with no fear!
We want to live in the country with no fear!
We want to live in the country with no fear!
We want to live in the country with no fear!
We want to grow and not being shot! Join us!
We want to grow and not being shot! Join us!
We want to grow and not being shot! Join us!
We are not against police, we against police brutality!
We are not against police, we against police brutality!
We are not against police, we against police brutality!
We are not against police, we against police brutality!
Just don't mistake man's member for a deadly weapon and follow cop block us!
Just smile and buy him a diet coke! Join us! Click Learn More! Cop Block Us @cop Block AmericanCops
Know your rights! 1. Record the interaction. 2. FOLLOW @cop_block_us
10 years later. No changes! Hundreds of Americans have held demonstrations in San Francisco to protest police fatal shooting of #MarioWoods last month. Click to Learn More Cop Block Us AmericanCops
Hey, everyone!? You know, a great number of black people support us saying that #HillaryClintonlsNotMyPresident! So this time we would like to make a #flashmob against #HillaryClinton because she is the real enemy of black community and our followers prove it showing their disgrace to her personality and policy. That's why we ask you to do the same and send your photos to us. Why? Because we want to live in a better future and Hillary is not the person who will help us in getting justice and peace by all means! Dear followers, if you agree, just don't be ignorant to your future in America, join our flashmob and take a photo with #HillaryClintonForPrison2016 or #nohillary2016 and tag @blackmattersus!? Looking forward to your photos?? BlackMattersUS AmericanCops
9+ police officers have already become the innocent victims of homegrown terrorism. it's not a coincidence, it's a war. That's why we've started Istay4police flashmob! Join our flashmob and follow stay4police to support American law enforcement!
We need to show the society that we support our police officers! Follow STAY4POLICE
Follow for the true Texas Pride! Support The Police Atla
Join Us! Support The Police!
We stand for American Law Enforcement and we want you to join us! Support The Police Libelibe
We are proud to stand for American Police especially at the time when society tends to discredit our heroes!
To most of us, the given explanations sound messy and weak: these officers are frightened because they have done something wrong and we all know what. Freshly released interviews of the officers related to Tamir Rice shooting contain suspicious details. Tamir Rice Murderers' Interviews Rleased I BlackMattersUS.com blackmattersus.com
The student, named locally as Milan, has portraits of Trayvon Martin, Tamir Rice and many others on her dress. It really makes sense. Never forget!
Yet another innocent Black man losses his life due to the canker of police brutality in America. Police Brutality: Black Man Beaten To Death By Cops BM BM
25 years for rape, murder, and burglary for a man who didn't commit any of those crimes. Philadelphia is a place poisoned by police misconduct for so many years. That is the reason why they didn't immediately release an innocent man even after it wa Black Man Released After 25 Years Behind Bars For Nothing I Black Matters BM
25 years for rape, murder, and burglary for a man who didn't commit any of those crimes. Philadelphia is a place poisoned by police misconduct for so many years. That is the reason why they didn't immediately release an innocent man even after it wa Black Man Released After 25 Years Behind Bars For Nothing I Black Matters BM
25 years for rape, murder, and burglary for a man who didn't commit any of those crimes. Philadelphia is a place poisoned by police misconduct for so many years. That is the reason why they didn't immediately release an innocent man even after it wa Black Man Released After 25 Years Behind Bars For Nothing I Black Matters BM
Rochester Police Officers tased black man for dancing. #OnlylnPoliceState
Black teen sues the police involved in his false arrest, following violent detention after woman felt `uneasy' at ATM. Black teen sues the police involved in his false arrest, following his violent detention after woman felt `uneasy' at ATM. Teen Files Lawsuit Against D.C. Police For False Arrest BM BM
BLUE LIVES MATTER !!
BLUE LIVES MATTER !!
BLUE LIVES MATTER !!
BLUE LIVES MATTER !!
BLUE LIVES MATTER !!
BLUE LIVES MATTER !!
BLUE LIVES MATTER !!
BLUE LIVES MATTER !!
BLUE LIVES MATTER !!
BLUE LIVES MATTER !!
True! To be pretty a girl doesn't need to show her body. It's nothing wrong with being sexy and loving it, but we just have to forget that beauty is not about taking clothes off.
On the video you see Brinkley Police Department Chief Edward Randle driving his car more than 100 miles per hour to the football game. He is pulled over by cops. They realize that they stopped their chief, so they just laughed together and let their chief go. According to THV11 "since the officer did not announce the truck's license plate number into his radio, nobody else would know the chief had been pulled over." Fortunately this guardian of order didn't kill anyone with his speeding car that day, but he probably will do it next time.
The man on the video knows his rights better than cops do. Police state failed in this case.
Incredible battle: cop against his own logic and evidence. Such "officers" make only annoy people!
Once again it's legal to film the police. You don't have to be a journalist to do that. You don't need a special permission. It's your constitutional right! Here you can see what lesson was given to a cop who threatened man with jail for filming him. Film the Police! It's legal!
The man pulled over because cop thought that he "parked weirdly". The cop calls him "tatted up gangster" and claims that he is talking shit. Is it a proper behavior of public servant?
This 17-year-old girl refused to put away her lollipop and a bag of chips in the New York Metro. Food is prohibited in New York Metro. Cops decided not to take her food away. Look what they did instead of this. After the incident police didn't charge the girl with anything. It means they did it just for their own pleasure.
A real man will put his family first.
BLACK DOCTOR WAS HELD AT GUNPOINT BY TROOPER WHILE TRYING TO SAVE CRASH VICTIM. Dr. Nicholson walked towards the scene of the accident with his scrubs, when the trooper drew his gun screaming, "Get back! Get back"' I guess, even today black people aren't afforded the same humanity as other Americans. #LivingWithRacism
Therer are two kinds of kids in American schools. One kind of kids have a lot of opportunities to learn and to develop all their skills and they are white. Another kind of kids is black and the only thing they learn at school is to obey the police. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
Ice-cream is something more than just a food you love. When a business expresses its views, cops are attacking, because they know no other way to act! Ben & Jerry's ice-cream is boycotted by the police officers just because of the opinion of the business owners. So, let's stand against the political repressions! Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnVilliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
A demonstration which was held on Tuesday in response to the recent fatal police shooting of Philando Castile resulted in the arrest of 46 people outside the governor's mansion in St. Paul, Minnesota. Another arrest was carried out the following day, during the morning hours where 23 protestors were arrested and charged with public nuisance and unlawful assembly. Since July 7, the day after which Castile was fatally shot to death, sympathizers have been embarking on demonstration outside the governor's home but police officers are asking the protesters out of the premises because they are blocking the streets. This request seemed not successful, therefore the protesters stood against the officers. According to the governor, the protestors are welcomed to stay because he had no problem with them being there. Even though the street was cleared few days after July 18, some protesters have returned to the premises to continue the demonstration. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
Black people must help one another. Only united we win and always divided we fall. But there are some Blacks who think that serving whites is more profitable for them than helping their black brothers. So, Sheriff Clarke is one of that pigs. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WilliamsandKalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
Black guys are smart and no one can deny this. White cops are one of the hardest of the problems we face every day, still, we found the way how to deal with this bastards. So we developed the app that can collect and organize the information about cos' misconduct. Use it and you will help the entire black community. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
A young black guy who was mentally disabled decided to end his life, but will only do that by making the cops kill him. This is absolutely insane in the highest order. He took a gun and ordered his other two brothers to take a video of the whole incident. Michael Ford, at the police vicinity opened fire and got the cop's attention. The filming was still in process as he commanded. The first cops who appeared fired back and almost immediately ended up drawing fire. He gave the other officer a chance to get into position when he opened fire. It's quite not understandable why his own cop shot him and shot the mentality ill man too. This is a good example of sick reality too. Is there any explanation why cops have started shooting each other? Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin Subscribe to my YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnVilliams8kalvin
Kirk Figueroa, 33, ambushed two officers who responded to his East Boston apartment late Wednesday after they received a call about a domestic disturbance possibly involving a gun at the location. He wanted to die exactly the way he ultimately did while vowing to "revolutionize policing." Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRa0cDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WilliamsandKalvin Follow me on lnstagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
Hi guys! If there's no justice, there will be no peace. There's no way to believe the lie instead of fighting for the truth. We must keep on fighting for what we know is right. Many of our brothers had been killed by the police. Still, we have no doubts that the justice will prevail. Remember the fallen, they are waiting for our victory. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
Where is the justice? Our brothers and sisters are being cruelly killed by the so-called police every day and our judicial system is absolutely blind. We are all Americans, but why does our corrupt Government differ black and white people? We want the same attitude! I don't want to be scared of living in my country! They will never shut me up! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjSyORgShOI Where is the justice? Our brothers and sisters are being cruelly killed by the so-called police every day and our judicial system is absolutely blind. We are... Police is not above the law! Williams&Kalvin
Where is the justice? Our brothers and sisters are being cruelly killed by the so-called police every day and our judicial system is absolutely blind. We are all Americans, but why does our corrupt Government differ black and white people? We want the same attitude! I don't want to be scared of living in my country! They will never shut me up! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjSyORgShOI Where is the justice? Our brothers and sisters are being cruelly killed by the so-called police every day and our judicial system is absolutely blind. We are... Police is not above the law!
The police are killing black people without a reason and no one can even indict them even if their guilt is evident. And how can we judge a killer cop if he uses a drone? Subscribe to our channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https-//www.facebook.com/WilliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
A young black guy who was mentally disabled decided to end his life, but will only do that by making the cops kill him. This is absolutely insane in the highest order. He took a gun and ordered his other two brothers to take a video of the whole incident. Michael Ford, at the police vicinity opened fire and got the cop's attention. The filming was still in process as he commanded. The first cops who appeared fired back and almost immediately ended up drawing fire. He gave the other officer a chance to get into position when he opened fire. It's quite not understandable why his own cop shot him and shot the mentality ill man too. This is a good example of sick reality too. Is there any explanation why cops have started shooting each other? Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin Subscribe to my YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnVilliams8kalvin
Why don't american cops realize that being black is not a crime? African american kids are being shot only for playing with toy guns... How is it possible? Where is the justice? Our Government is blind, they simply don't want to pay attention to this legalized homicide of own people... This is crazy! We must speak about it!
Why don't american cops realize that being black is not a crime? African american kids are being shot only for playing with toy guns... How is it possible? Where is the justice? Our Government is blind, they simply don't want to pay attention to this legalized homicide of own people... This is crazy! We must speak about it!
Why don't american cops realize that being black is not a crime? African american kids are being shot only for playing with toy guns... How is it possible? Where is the justice? Our Government is blind, they simply don't want to pay attention to this legalized homicide of own people... This is crazy! We must speak about it!
All people have to understand that the police service is exactly like a secret gay club, the reason being that no one knows what goes on inside there even if it's evident. There's a kind of code of silence, even if you saw something or just know something about other police officer, you keep silence about it. But if you are in a member of a club, you can be sure that no one will ever let your secrets out. Statistically, 46% of cops admit to witnessing misconduct by other cops! Also, 73 % of the individuals pressuring officers to keep quiet about the misconduct are leaders. 8% of the officers who admitted to intentionally withholding the information about officer misconduct were upper administrators. Cops will always lie to suit interaction or conversation. Sadly enough,"Sworn officer of the court" is most likely to lie than the citizen he is even accusing. So, the lie is a norm for the officers who are keeping the code of silence, and it's a miracle if a police officer tells the truth. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
For years, white supremacists in the Dothan, Alabama, police department allegedly planted drugs and guns on black people. There's a lot going on in this story, which the Alabama Justice Project is said to have helped break thanks to anonymous whistleblowers within the Dothan Police Department. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnVilliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin All Cops are Criminals
Back when I studied the #Holocaust in school, I remember thinking, "How did Hitler get over 6 million people to follow along blindly and not fight back?" Then I realised, I'm watching my fellow #Americans take the same path. Be among those who fight for their rights and freedom in this #policestate! Click to Learn More! Cop Block Us AmericanCops
That's the picture the media doesn't want you to see. Want the truth? Follow! Support The Police Proudblacks
"You can't keep doing this. You can't keep violating us in our own communities," said Deon Jones after filing a federal civil rights lawsuit against the Denver Police Department for nearly killing him. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnVilliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/wilIiams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin The truth about why american police kill blacks
This is the story about 19-year-old Juwan Alexander Plummer. On April 14 the Plummers' door had been kicked in by burglars. On April 16 Plummer, his mother, and his 14-year-old little brother did not see the police lights because the unit was parked down the road. Plummer called 911 to report the burglars and then grabbed his Grandfather's shotgun that was given to his mother for protection. When Plummer went to the door, the scared kid fired a warning shot to fend off the would-be burglars. However, the shotgun blast hit one officer in the arm and the other in the face. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comNViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnVilliams8kalvin The Truth about home protection
What happened to Eubanks for weaving a web of lies, falsifying police reports that sparked a statewide manhunt for two non-existent suspects, and tarnishing the name of an innocent man? Well, naturally, he was sent home to his family. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin The Truth about liar cops
Sanya Gragg establishes a five-part mantra in her book "Momma, Did You Hear The News?" to help black Americans remember what to do during a police encounter. A - Always use your manners L - Listen and comply I - In control of your emotions V - Visible hands always E - Explain everything Stay Alive, guys! Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WiIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.comnWilliams8kalvin The Truth about "the Talk"
The New York City Police Department now says that state Justice Sheila Abdus-Salaam's death is "suspicious" after officials last week told the Associated Press that Abdus-Salaam's drowning death was being treated as a suicide. Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comn/ViIliamsandKalvin Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/williams.and.kalvin Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin The Truth about racism and justice
Weeks ago, we all witnessed the uniting of Black community at work when social media alerts from Washington, D.C.'s Metropolitan Police Department ignited an outcry about the number of missing Black girls in the District. But it is important to say that Black men are missing, too! At least 10 missing teen boys and young men are also on that official missing-persons list. If you care about your brothers and sisters, spread that information! The whole list via https://mpdc.dc.gov/service/current-missing-person-cases
Conservative Christians. Pro-life/ gun/ police/ military. Follow!
Conservative Christians. Pro-life/ gun/ police/ military. Follow!
gather recent videos about outrageous police misconduct, really valuable ones but underrepresented by mass media.
Together we can stop them. Join the fight. Follow @cop_block_us Cop block is a grassroots organization working to make police accountable for their actions. Cop Block Us(@cop_block_us)• Instagram photos and videos
The head of Chicago's IPRA, Sharon Fairley, has recommended an on-duty officer to be fired for calling President Obama a n****r. According to Chicago Sun-Times, the racist remark was made during a meeting to decide on "who would cover the president's detail for a Bulls game". The Independ Chicago Cop To Be Fired For Calling Obama N-Word I Black Matters Black Matters
The head of Chicago's IPRA, Sharon Fairley, has recommended an on-duty officer to be fired for calling President Obama a n****r. According to Chicago Sun-Times, the racist remark was made during a meeting to decide on "who would cover the president's detail for a Bulls game". The Independ Chicago Cop To Be Fired For Calling Obama N-Word I Black Matters Black Matters
A rally in loving memory of Aiyana Jones May 16 will mark the sixth anniversary of the br The 6th Anniversary Of The Aiyana Jones' Death
A rally in loving memory of Aiyana Jones May 16 will mark the sixth anniversary of the br The 6th Anniversary Of The Aiyana Jones' Death
A rally in loving memory of Aiyana Jones May 16 will mark the sixth anniversary of the br The 6th Anniversary Of The Aiyana Jones' Death
A rally in loving memory of Aiyana Jones May 16 will mark the sixth anniversary of the br The 6th Anniversary Of The Aiyana Jones' Death
A rally in loving memory of Aiyana Jones May 16 will mark the sixth anniversary of the br The 6th Anniversary Of The Aiyana Jones' Death
Almost 2 years have passed since the death of Eric Garner,. a father of 6, who was violentl Rally In Memory Of Eric Garner
Almost 2 years have passed since the death of Eric Garner,. a father of 6, who was violentl Rally In Memory Of Eric Garner
Almost 2 years have passed since the death of Eric Garner,. a father of 6, who was violentl Rally In Memory Of Eric Garner
Have you ever been mistreated or abused by racist police officers? Do you want you story to be read by thousands of people? We can make this happen easily! We can post your story in our community.lt's very important to us, because black people should stop struggling with racism and police brutality. If we all speak out - we can do it! We can obtain justice and equality. You can send your story to blackmattersus@gmail.com or you can message us via Facebook anonym or not. We are not to judge, we are to share experience and support each other. So don't be shy and help the black community. United we stand!
Unarmed Black Man On A Horse Allegedly Strangled To Death By White Cop In Mississippi One of the last things that Jonathan Sanders, an unarmed black man, reportedly said before he died was, "Let me go. I can't breathe." On Wednesday night, a white police officer in the small town of Stonewall, Mississippi allegedly strangled Sanders, a 39-year-old black horseman, with a flashlight before killing him in view of his family members. Officer Kevin Herrington pulled Sanders off a horse and choked him with a flashlight, Sander's attorney, Stewart Parrish, initially told an ABC affiliate. Parrish later clarified that those allegations came from family members who witnessed the death. Parrish said that Sanders experienced "some kind of asphyxiation" during the altercation. Sanders died on the scene and leaves behind two children. The last words of Eric garner were "I can't breathe," the last words of Jonathan Sanders were "I can't breathe, let me go". Biting irony, isn't it? Since when is it illegal to train your horse in close propinquity to your house? America was always (and it is now)a police state for black people.
"I cant breathe" symbolize an anger and frustration over the relationship between law enforcement and black people in America.
Ta-Nehisi Coates on growing up in West Baltimore The famous African-American writer Ta-Nehisi Coates grew up in West Baltimore with people who lost a child whether to the streets, to guns or to jail. Today, his goal is to protect his son from the different forms of violence that he experienced in school and on the streets. People of color have been dealing with injustice ever since they crossed the North American continent. For instance, in West Baltimore, Ta-Nehisi was trained not to go to the neighborhoods unless you know this place. He was told that you cannot tolerate anybody attempting any physically violent threat to you. Moreover, his mom was feared that her children would get arrested. What does it mean? Undoubtedly, black Americans were afraid of police, improper procedure, injustice or what is worse, being killed by police officer. That's why the nationwide furor over the growing number of unarmed black men fatally shot by police officers has put the public on a new trend in America. In fact, this new trend caused disproportionate number of unarmed people of color killed by police. How dangerous is to live in your area today?
Teen shot by St. Louis police paralyzed; mom laments gun violence A teenager shot by city police is paralyzed below the waist, his mother said Sunday as her family copes with another episode of gun violence. Not seven years ago, her teenage daughter was accidentally shot to death. This time, a firearm in the hand of her son, Brandon Claxton, 16, prompted an officer to shoot him three times about 7:15 p.m. Saturday in a housing complex in the 2500 block of Hodiamont Avenue, officials said. Police encountered him while responding to a call about someone with a stolen pistol. His mother said that she respected the police and that her son "shouldn't have had the gun." But from what witnesses have told her, she said, "They didn't have to shoot him down like that." One of three witnesses interviewed Sunday told a reporter that Brandon did have a gun in his hand. But all three said that he did not point a weapon at anyone as he tried to run from officers. When a white guy walks around with a rifle, nobody bats an eye. When a black guy walks with a pistol (or even a toy gun)- he'll be immediately shot by the police. Have you ever heard about open carry in the United States? Then here we go. Racial prejudice at its finest. Our condolences to the family.
'Hands up, don't shoot' was built on pain. We don't ask police to hug us, we only ask them to stop killing black men. Because we are disproportionally killed by cops over and over again.
What differences do you see in the picture below? What do you think is the difference between police attitude towards white citizens and black citizens? Think about it.
St. Louis police shot teenager. Teen is paralyzed. Last Saturday the 16-year-old Brandon Claxton prompted an officer to shoot him three times in a housing complex in Hodiamont Avenue. According to police, they responded to a call about someone with a stolen 40-caliber pistol. Brandon Claxton is in critical conditions. But according to witnesses, Brandon did not point a pistol at anyone but he was trying to run away from the officers. Where is the video evidence of police shooting? Police Chief Sam Dotson said that there is not a clear view on video. What if police is trying to cover up the story? Did you know that police did not allow Brandon's mother to see her son because he was in custody? Do you believe that police was justified to arrest Brandon? Cameras don't lie! We need to know the truth whether the boy posed a threat or not!
Another Woman Commits Suicide In Jail A teen committed suicide in a jail cell an hour after being arrested, another suspicious case of a Black woman dying in police custody in the past week. The second case over a week, huh? How retarded and/or brainwashed by Fox News is one supposed to be to believe this is a coincidence? No way we are gonna buy such bullshit. The weirdest thing about this specific case is that the suicide was committed just an hour after the arrest. Moreover, the woman was suspected of stealing someone's phone which is quite not a reason for getting to her account. We've got to also take into consideration that 1 in 3 black men go to prison as opposed to a considerably lower rate with the white men (http://www.alternet. org/story/154587/1 _in_3_black_men_g(:_to_prison_the_10_most_disturbing_ facts_about racial_inequality_in_the_u.s._criminal_justice_system). It definitely seems like there's more to this since until recently taking into custody hasn't been a reason for suicide among black women. Now for some people the only way to deal with police violence at the police stations is simply killing themselves...
Special prosecutor opened an investigation into death of black women Raynette Turner New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will launch an investigation into to the death of one of the five black women who died in an American jail over a two-week span. Raynette Tumer who was the mother of eight children died in jail cell in police custody last week. She was arrested for shoplifting some crab legs from a grocery store. Due to her bad health history she was taken to the hospital and released. But she died in jail waiting for someone to help. According to American legislation, the courthouse officials are supposed to check the cell every fifteen minutes but, no one checked Tumer's cell for more than two hours. A total of five African-American women have been found dead in police custody in just the last month. Most of them were hold for minor charges and still their deaths are under investigation. Sandra Bland from Texas, Kindra Chapman from Alabama, Joyce Curnell from South Carolina, Ralkina Jones from Ohio, and Raynetta Turner from New York were found dead in their cell after being arrested by police officers. Once again it raises questions about how black people are treated in police custody. What if death in police custody is about excessive police force? Do you realize that dozens of black people were found dead in the U.S?
The drama in Pocomoke. A Maryland town several weeks ago fired its first black Police Chief, now exposing a racial rift The leaders of small Maryland's city in Eastern Shore fired the Pocomoke City's first black police Chief Kelvin Sewell due to his incompetence and refusal to fire black police officers Franklin Savage and Lynell Green. Chief Sewell was hired by Pocomoke City back in 2010 after his retirement from the Baltimore Police Department. Earlier, before Sewell's dismissal he filed a complaint on unequal employment opportunities claiming he was paid less than his white predecessors. This is circumstantial evidence that America is divided into different parts based on race and income. Racism has gotten so bad, black people are treated unfairly. If God created us equally, why the unequal treatment of minorities still exists in our country? What if the firing gas stirred a new spirit of African-American activism?
Who said that protesting is not effective? Yes, it is! How many black people were killed and shot by police department for the past few years? How many protests have been held since 2013? How useful were protests? According to analysis by AP, 24 states have put 40 new laws to tackle police violence such as use of police officer body cameras, racial-bias training and surplus of military equipment. However, there is more work to be done to solve racial tensions in America. The public stand against discrimination happens when there is lack of inside connections with the government. People attempt to stop racism the government usually assumes to be problematic but protesters force the government to find compromise. It's a well known fact, when governments do not deliver, people protest.
Three Bronx officers were caught on camera by the passenger in a car as the driver appears to be repeatedly punched in the head and thrown to the ground. "Y'all is punching me in the face. What did I do to deserve this? the 24-year-old Timothy Nelson can be heard saying in the recording of the July 26 traffic stop. Do they really need 20 cops showing up for a traffic stop? And that's why I'd rather call a crack head for help before I call the cops they don't protect and serve, they shoot and kill anybody that's not wearing a police badge. And I do not wear it.
So basically cops are detaining folks for no real reason in order to find a reason to further detain & arrest them. That's a problem.
Alabama Police Officer Kept His Job After Proposal to Murder Black Man and Hide Evidence A police officer in Alabama proposed murdering a black resident and creating bogus evidence to suggest the killing was in self-defense. Officer Troy Middlebrooks kept his job and continues to patrol Alexander City after authorities there paid the man $35,000 to avoid being publicly sued over the incident. Middlebrooks, a veteran of the US marines, said the man "needs a god damn bullet" and allegedly referred to him as "that nigger", after becoming frustrated that the man was not punished more harshly over a prior run-in. The payment was made to the black resident, Vincent Bias, after a secret recording of Middlebrooks's remarks was played to the city's police chiefs and the mayor. Elected city councillors said they were not consulted. Do you know that you can go to prison for murderous intent? However, if you are a white police officer, offering to KILL a BLACK AMERICAN and then hide the evidence, then you don't even get fired. Oh yeah, it's happening in a wonderful state called Alabama! You know how it works here. Do you have any more questions for American law enforcement system?
Young, Unarmed Black Man Killed By Cop Didn't Want To'Die Too Young' An unarmed black teenager in Texas was shot dead by a cop who had only recently graduated from the police academy. Just over a week before his death, he posted that he doesn't want to die too young on Twitter. Officers responded to a burglary call around 1 a.m. on Friday, hearing reports that a suspect was damaging vehicles. First spotting Taylor moving about the lot, officers also noticed Taylor's SUV had been smashed into the front of the dealership showroom. Finding that Taylor had moved inside the showroom, Arlington Police Chief Police Will Johnson said Taylor would not comply when told to lie down on the ground, but fled to a back room. 49-year-old officer Brad Miller entered the showroom to arrest Taylor, and then an altercation broke out. Miller fired four shots, including the fatal bullets from the gun of Miller. A second officer fired a taser, Johnson said. And now there are three main points that you should think of: 1) Taylor was described as a good kid. He was a football player at Angelo State University. Never was involved in criminal activities. 2) The officer graduated from the police academy less than 6 months ago and was working under the supervision of a training officer. 3) Taylor didn't want to die young. Black teens don't really live, they survive. And, unfortunately, there is no one to save them from death. There is no one to stop police brutality. We all want our kids to feel safe, we want them to be safe and sound. Are our hopes doomed to disappointment?
Michael, we didn't forget you. We haven't forgotten anyone. No justice - no peace. #BlackLivesMatter #Ferguson
Why black parents worry about their children? How should we talk to our children about how safely interact with police officers in order to protect themselves? Tina Carter-Shileds has five kids and three of them recently started to drive. The first thought she had when they wanted to drive alone was 'Wait a minute. I'm really scared right now.' What should they do if they get pulled over? What if they do something they don't supposed to be doing? It is not always fair when officers arrest African Americans, but it's a reality. What if police officers will automatically assume that your child is criminal because of how him or her looks. Black parents should remember that their kids will always be judged by the way they look. That's why it's important to instruct our children how to react when you are in trouble with law enforcement. Because if a stranger follows your child after him/her buy a bag of Skittles, ran back into the store. Remember, anything is better than dying. Anyways, it's hard to believe that in 21 st century black parents have to teach their children both survive and thrive. But who will take responsibility for training police officers?
Straight Outta Compton is straight reality The new movie Straight Outta Compton focus on legendary hip-hop pioneers N.W.A. and their struggles against racism and police violence. The movie is coming this weekend in the theaters. However, some of the cinemas refused to show the movie, citing "safety and liability" concerns. Does it remind you of anything? How about Ferguson? How about Baltimore? Today you are willing to be detained in the name of defending your rights. Today cops can easily shoot you for a small violation. Even having black cops and black mayors doesn't end police brutality. Fortunately today you are allowed to record police officers in order to further prevent potentially serious cases of police wrongdoing fairly.
14 Police Officers Take Down A One-legged Homeless Black Man Armed With Crutches in San Francisco Writer Chaedria LaBouvier reported that she had seen 14 San Francisco police officers subduing a homeless black man who had one leg outside Twitter headquarters. Witnesses told LaBouvier that police had been called because the man was waving sticks," which later turned out to be his crutches. None of the employees at Twitter or other tech companies came out to object as the 14 officers took down the one-legged homeless man. The U.S. Justice Department recently filed court documents in an Idaho case which declared it unconstitutional to criminalize homelessness. According to the Coalition on Homelessness, the city handed out 11,000 citations to homeless people who were sitting on sidewalks between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m. in 2014. What kind of people police usually hire? Mentally unstable bloodthirsty cowards or? We already know the answer. Sometimes we all wonder do police officers have mercy for anyone? Hard to say, because what we see confuses us.
This is enough, police officers! No more Eric Gartners! More than twenty protesters organized by the Mass Action Against Police Brutality group are calling for a further investigation into videotaped incident that took place in Washington Street in Roslindale. Nearly three-minute videotape posted to Youtube shows Boston Police officer earlier this month choking an 18-year-old Elvin Vargas and attempting to put him in a cruiser after he was arrested on August 16. Have you noticed than excessive force by police is disproportionate on people of color? When the government, law enforcement, the criminal justice system will treat all communities with dignity? How long should we complain about threats against our lives? As the ability to record police activity has become more widespread, can we achieve justice?
Innocent Bystanders Could Face Criminal Charges for Not Jumping in to Help Officer Make Arrest Residents of Huntsville, Alabama who declined to intervene to help a police officer subdue a suspect could face criminal prosecution under a state statute requiring them to assist an officer in trouble. Had the situation been reversed, however, police officers would face neither criminal nor civil prosecution for declining to aid a citizen under assault by a suspect. A man named Devonte Conerly who was suspected in a hit and run incident, allegedly tried to disarm the police officer who stopped him. Several officers responded to a call for assistance and eventually subdued and handcuffed Conerly. They then rebuked several bystanders who had declined to intervene. Bystanders are not liable to prosecution if the failure to render aid "was reasonable under the circumstances," but the burden of demonstrating that this is the case is placed upon the accused. When you'll see a bunch of cops beating an unarmed man, don't forget that you can be in his place just for not helping cops in committing a crime.
WEAR BLACK, FIGHT BACK! CHALLENGE FOR OUR SUBSCRIBERS! October 22nd is one of the most important days for all of us. From 1996 onward people around the country have mobilized for a National Day of Protest to stop police brutality, repression and the criminalization of a generation. The powerful National Day of Protest will be brought in cities and towns all across the country. Let's make history together! It's time to stand up for our rights and our freedom! Our community has a challenge for you, guys. All you need to do is: wear black - take a picture of yourself during or right before/after this event - send it to us. Simple as that! We will post all the pictures on our page, so that the whole African American community will know about you and your efforts. It's really important for us to know we're united. It's important for us to know we care about our future. Black Matters will appreciate your efforts too! Check the official website to find an event in your area: http://www.october22.org/
Officer Liang, who fatally shot 28-year-old Akai Gurley, was found guilty of manslaughter, assault. and other criminal charges. Read more: http://blackmattersus.com/1786-nypd-officer-lee-charged-with-manslaughter- and-other-charges/
26-year-old Mario Woods was killed by the San Francisco police on 2 December. An autopsy released on Thursday shows that Mario was hit 20 times by officers' bullets. Sixteen of the wounds were said to have gone from "back to front" through Woods' body, including six in his back and two in the back of his head. Read more: http://blackmattersus.com/1 760-20-bullets-recovered-from-body-of-mario- woods-autopsy-reports-show/
As what happened to India while in police custody remains a major concern, many are wondering why the 27-year-old was denied an appropriate medical evaluation and proper care. The frequent reports of police brutality and extreme use of force, leading to death has regrettably become a daily course. Consequently, protests and demonstrations overflow in every nook and cranny, demanding answers and justice. On February 1, India T. Cummings was under the influence of the synth... #JusticeForindia: 27-Year-old Denied Medical Treatment. Dies in Police Custody I Black Matters Black Matters
Family members of India Kager will receive the video of India and Angelo's shooting today. March 10th. On March 8, women all over the world celebrated heartily, the pride in being a woman. But in the case of Gina, she only wishes the justice to be served. Gina's grieving ever since the death of her daughter India Kager along with Angelo Perry. India's boyfriend ; has been escalated by an attorney's de... Gina Kager Receives The Video Of India's Death Black Matters Black Matters
A narcotics detective, who abused his power in the past. was shot in the shoulder by his fellow officer. It's time to reap what you sow. The day before yesterday an unidentified police sergeant accidentally shot Jon Gladstone, a narcotics detective, while firing at two unarmed drug dealers in Brooklyn. The drug dealers were surrounded by these two undercover cops. It happened while the criminals were sitting in a parked van. When the... NYPD Cop Shot Another Cop During A Drug Bust I Black Matters Black Matters
The VA State Attorney Colon Stolle sees no law violation in Virginia Police actions. The VA State Attorney Colon Stolle on Wednesday gave a verdict concerning the four Virginia Police Officers who were involved in the shooting of India Kager at a press conference. He is sure that they didn't violate the law and shouldn't be prosecuted. During the press conference. a minute video of... No Charges For VA Beach Police For Killing India Kager I Black Matters Black Matters
The family of Luis Martinez wants Dist. Attorney Jackie Lacey to file charges against the police officers who were involved in the fatal shooting of a 35-year- old man. On April 21 2015, Hollenbeck Division patrol officers were called by Martinez's wife reporting that her husband, Luis Martinez had stabbed himself. Luis Martinez was a 35-year-old man with a broken hip from falling over a railing from the third floor of his apartment. Martinez's injuries were so sev... Family Seeks Charges Against LAPD Involved in Fatal Shooting Of A Man I Black Matters Black Matters
The mother of Tamir Rice wants to inspire young activists to rally against a system that is stacked against communities of color. Samaria Rice, the mother of 12-year-old Tamir Rice, who was fatally shot by officer Timothy Loehmann in 2014, will address police brutality and other important issues at Kalamazoo College in Michigan on Wednesday. She wants to speak out at the college in order to inspire students to stand up against... Samaria Rice To Speak At Michigan College I Black Matters Black Matters
Maryland's Highest Court on Tuesday ordered a Baltimore police officer to testify against his colleagues who were also charged with Freddie Gray's death. Baltimore's police officer William Porter is set to testify against his colleagues who sort the death of Freddie Gray under the grant of limited immunity, which means that what he says can't be used against him during his own trial; as the court ordered. The Court of Appeals gave no reason for the d... Second Freddie Gray Trial Said Officer Must Testify Against Co- Defendants I Black Matters Black Matters
Wakiesha Wilson, 36, was found dead on Easter Weekend at the LAPD's detention center in jail cell. According to ABC7 report, the black woman, Wakiesha Wilson, had a disagreement with officers before she was found died. Wilson spoke to her lovely family that v Black Woman Found Dead In Jail Cell After Arguing With Detention Officers I Black Matters Black Matters
A Texas district police officer, Joshua Kehm, has been fired for brutalizing a sixth grader Janissa Valdez at Rhodes Middle School. According to reports, two preteens were arguing outside the school campus on Tuesday March 29 and Officer Kehm was called to calm the situation. When the Office Police Officer Fired For Body-Slamming 12-Year-Old Girl I Black Matters Black Matters
A 16-year-old African-American Pierre Loury was fatally shot by a Chicago patrol officer on Monday April 11. It was around 7:40 p.m. and Officers were on their patrol routine hunting down black men for crimes. They saw Pierre Loury in a vehicle matching a description o Police Officer Fatally Shoots Black Teenager And Lies About His Death I Black Matters Black Matters
A report recently revealed that the jail in which Sandra Bland had been kept was seriously suffering from consistent violations of inmates' rights. In July last year, Sandra Bland a 28-year-old black woman was pulled over by a cop for traffic violation; officer brutally arrested her and brought to the jail. Serious Problems Discovered At County Where Sandra Bland Died I Black Matters Black Matters
The Atlanta police department reported that the driver, Ryan Lisabeth, was on top speed to Joseph E. Boone Boulevard on Friday when he lost control on his steer Atlanta Driver On Drugs Injures 2 Black Children, Killing 1 in Accident I Black Matters Black Matters
A white cop slammed Tionne Jones. 18. to the ground and dragged him from his home after he rightfully requested a warrant. A white police officer in Baltimore was caught on video violently dragging a Black teen out of his home. The incident occurred on Saturday, April 16, when 18-ye Baltimore Cop Drag Black Teen From Home Without Warrant I Black Matters Black Matters
The Daily Beast reported that a black veteran, Elliot Williams, 37, encountered a painful death in jail cell without help from jail officials as they watched hi Oklahoma Cops Left Black Army Veteran To Die In Jail Cell Black Matters Black Matters
African-American protest groups gathered on Wednesday, April 20. outside Mayor Rahm Emanuel's City Hall demanding that Officer Dante Servin be fired. It's been over four years since an off-duty Chicago police officer, Dante Servin, fatally shot a 22-year-old black woman in Douglas Park. According to sources; Protesters Demand Firing Of Officer. Who Killed Rekia Boyd I Black Matters Black Matters
"We need our community's help; we aren't interested in rumors or gossip; we're looking to find the truth," said Ken Mascara, St. Lucie County Sheriff. St. Lucie County police officers are investigating the fatal shooting of a 21-year- old black motorist, Demarcus Semer, committed by two officers whose names are 12 Witnesses Of Police Shooting Demarcus Semer Refuse To Talk Black Matters Black Matters
"I can tell you right now that the gun looked a 100 percent real. A 1000 percent real," says Major Deron Garrity. Alvin Colvin's younger brother, Dedric, was shot in the leg and shoulder by Baltimore police officer Garrity on Wednesday April 27 while holding a spring-air-po Black Teen Confronts Officer Who Shot His Younger Brother While Holding A Toy Gun I Black Matters Black Matters
A federal court in Illinois ruled on Wednesday that police officers need a warrant to search someone's cellphone before making arrest. An Illinois Federal Court has finally spelt out this rule clearly to the cops, prior to a case, Riley v. California, where an Illinois officer was involved in a Court Says Cops Need A Warrant Even Just To Look At The Screen Of Your Phone I Black Matters Black Matters
A viral Facebook video shows how an innocent black bystander was attacked by a K-9 dog in a crowd of residents due to an incompetent attitude of a police officer. An innocent bystander, Rafer Allen, a black Virginia man was attacked by a K-9 police dog on Saturday after officers were trying to apprehend a drug dealer susp Cop Attacks Innocent Bystander With K-9 I Black Matters Black Matters
Officer Van Dyke needs protection because like every murderer, he sees revenge as a possibility. The attorney for a white Chicago police officer, who is charged with first-degree murder in the October 2014 fatal shooting of a black teenager, has filed a mot Cop Who Murdered Laquan McDonald Requests Protection I Black Matters Black Matters
A District Judge ruled that the former Tulsa volunteer sheriff's deputy, who fatally shot an unarmed Black man, does not have the right to post bail. A Tulsa County judge ruled on Tuesday that Robert Bates, the former Oklahoma volunteer sheriff's deputy convicted of manslaughter in the fatal shooting of an un Convicted Ex-Oklahoma Reserve Deputy Denied Bail Black Matters Black Matters
The officers choked Maurice Marrow causing him to faint, despite his cries about an imminent seizure. A video taken by a New York City train rider shows cops brutally beating a Black man into seizure and fainting on Friday morning at Halsey St. station in Bushwi Watch How Officers Beat Black Brooklyn Man Into Seizure I Black Matters Black Matters
Alabama inmates have organized a coordinated prison strike to protest against "slave labor" and deplorable prison conditions. Three inmates in solitary confinement organized a state-wide prison strike, which began on May 1 at Alabama's Holman, Staton, and Elmore Correctional Facil Alabama Inmates Organize Multi-Prison Strike Against Deplorable Prison Conditions Black Matters Black Matters
The system is wrong, we've got to be strong, Aiyana Jones, she has a name, her family is not to blame. Come join our rally on May 21 in Detroit: https://www.facebook.com/events/I 727519624184050/
Unprecedented news! A Michigan police officer has filed a lawsuit against Mundy Township and his own police department, claiming that they pressured him to portray a former NBA player and Michigan State basketball star guilty in a sexual assault case. Officer Brian Ogle filed the suit against his own Police Department on May; 4, according to The Detroit News. In his lawsuit; Ogle claims he was pressured to Black Officer Stands Against His PD to Defend Black Suspect I Black Matters Black Matters
The federal grand jury brought charges against Michael Slager in Walter Scott shooting. This Wednesday the court decided to bring three federal charges against Officer Michael Slager, who, according to the video recorded by an onlooker, shot and Michael Slager Will Not Escape Justice I Black Matters Black Matters
Two Black police troopers from Michigan were awarded $5.2 million in a racial discrimination lawsuit against their department. A string of horrific Ferguson murders, that gained widespread coverage, resulted in Police Chief Tom Jackson's resignation and put Delrish Moss, 51, in front Black Chief Of Ferguson's Police, A Step For System Improvement I Black Matters Black Matters
She only allowed her son to drive a golf cart. A beautiful family who always take a yearly vacation at the luxury resort on Bald Head Island met a horrible experience this year as soon as they met with polic Mom Brutalized And Jailed For Presumptuous Child Abuse I Black Matters Black Matters
A black man found hanged on a tree, still no investigation initiated. The body of a 38-year-old Atlanta resident was discovered in the territory of the forest not far from Richmond Road and Park East Drive, Beachwood, Ohio. The bl Ohio Authorities Keep Their Eyes Shut At KKK-style Death I Black Matters Black Matters
The Independent Police Review Authority(IPRA) plans soon to release evidence of Chicago police shootings and misconducts. Many Chicago residents are worried that this summer will be full of violence between cops and community members as the IPRA, which investigates allegations of p What Will Happen If the IPRA Releases Evidence On Police Actions? I Black Matters Black Matters
They could have shot him in the arm or leg, somewhere where he could drop and still be alive. NYPD officers in Bronx were responding to an alert from shot spotter when they found Rashaun Lloyd around the same area the alert was coming from. They claim th NYPD Shoot Mentally III Black Man 31 Times Black Matters Black Matters
New video released shows police officer assaulting Black female teacher during a routine traffic stop in Austin. Black schoolteacher, Breaion King, 26 was stopped by the white police officer Bryan Richter on June 15, 2015, for driving 50 mph in a 35 mph zone. However, the Video: Officer Hurls Black Woman During Traffic Stop I Black Matters Black Matters
"The City of Somerville stands against all violence and all injustice, which is why a Black Lives Matter banner hangs at City Hall". Mayor Joseph Curtatone of Somerville, Massachusetts, boldly said he won't remove Black Lives Matter banner from the City Hall after the local police union asked Massachusetts Mayor Refuses To Remove BLM Banner From City Hall Black Matters Black Matters
Now after eight police officers were killed in Dallas and Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the Ku Klux Klan targets Black activist groups. The racist and violent KKK group was distributing fliers in Georgia County, calling on residents to join them and terrorize Black people in response to the BLM, KKK Recruits Supremacists After Recent Killings Of Police Officers I Black Matters Black Matters
A rally in loving memory of Aiyana Jones May 16 marked the sixth anniversary of the brutal slaying of 7-year-old Aiyana Stanley-Jones by Detroit Police Officer Joe Weekley. She was shot by the cop while she slept on a couch during a botched raid. The killer is still employed by the Detroit Police Department. He was charged with involuntary manslaughter and two lesser charges in her death, but the case was dropped in January 2015. Justice hasn't been served for Aiyana and her grieving family. We're planning a peaceful rally in front of the Coleman A. Young Municipal Center on May 21 to honor the memory of Aiyana and other victims of police violence and demand demilitarization of police. We should draw as much attention as possible to the lack of justice for the families of those who lost their beloved ones at the hands of the police. Invite everyone you know and join us on May 21. We should stand up for the better future of our kids! The 6th Anniversary Of The Aiyana Jones' Death
As what happened to India while in police custody remains a major concern, many are wondering why the 27-year-old was denied an appropriate medical evaluation and proper care. The frequent reports of police brutality and extreme use of force, leading to death has regrettably become a daily course. Consequently, protests and demonstrations overflow in every nook and cranny, demanding answers and justice. On February 1, India T. Cummings was under the influence of the synth... #JusticeForindia: 27-Year-old Denied Medical Treatment, Dies in Police Custody I Black Matters Black Matters
November 23, 2015 Is the One year anniversary Death of 12 year old Tamir Rice; killed by two Cleveland Police Officers Timothy Loehmann and Frank Garmback. You are welcome! Join the meeting. A Year Without Justice for Tamir Rice
November 23, 2015 Is the One year anniversary Death of 12 year old Tamir Rice; killed by two Cleveland Police Officers Timothy Loehmann and Frank Garmback. You are welcome! Join the meeting.
Why I March! #JusticeOrElse 20 years ago. 20 years a million men, women and children gathered on the National Mall in Washington, DC answering the call from Minister Louis Farrakhan to come to the nation's capital and show our strength in numbers and unity and remind politicians that our voices would be heard. 20 years later, we return to call on our politicians to fix our broken criminal justice system once and for all. I march to fix a system that houses more black men in our prison system than there were black men enslaved in 1850. To fix a system that allows for local prosecutors to investigate their friends at the police department when there is an officer-involved shooting. To fix a system that has drug laws that disproportionately arrest black and brown people for using drugs when white people use at the same rate. To fix a system that has built a private industry off the backs of prisoners laboring for pennies. To fix a system that doesn't video record the actions of law enforcement at all times. To fix a system that criminalizes young women who are pimped and sexually trafficked before they even turn 18. To fix a system that does not collect any national data on incidents when police use excessive force or discharge their firearm. To fix a system that has incarcerated more people than any other nation in the world. To fix a system that has created a school to prison pipeline by harsher school discipline practices for young students of color. To fix a system of policing that targets communities of color by programs like "Stop & Frisk" or "Broken Windows." This is why I march. This is why we all should march in order to build a better future for our kids. We should fight the institutional racism in the country. Like and share if you want to help the movement!
Since 2010, over 350 of our lives have been taken at the hands of police. Those lives of which, were made to be worthless because of our race. Each time we die, many of your people, and those who stand by you, justify the taking of our lives, because they believe we are not human, and are not worthy of life. Why should we be a target for police violence and harassment?
American Racists On The Road The racists group of America "Back To The Blue" are organizing a hate rally in response to the public outcry and protests against police officers. "Bikers-patriots" want to descend on the McKinney Police HQ in a show of solidarity for the police because race-baiters and cop-haters. They plan to have "the biggest thing to happen in Patriot Movement since the Bundy Ranch victory!" It seems like we won't get into "post-racial America".... this event and the regular murder of innocent Black children by white supremacist police and citizens makes that clear. The modern government has brought racist America to the forefront, good or bad. This is something that America has a serious issue with - RACISM! Is it time to call out the national guard?
No national outrage for an incident at pool party where a black teen was shot to death Today, the pool party in Georgia is even more shocking than a recent pool party in Texas. A young man from Georgia was shot to death at a pool party at Fayette. It was an advertised on social 200 teenager's pool party which ended up with shootings of unknown assailant for unknown reasons. One of the five injured, a 19-year-old black teenager Clanton passed away on the way to hospital. In fact, the media has not made a transparent effort to cover up the incident. Why the pool party in Georgia is a silent story? Why the police was not aware of a large party? Why this story has no national outrage? Is it ok when a black teenager dies? Unfortunately, the responding police officers were not able to prevent the tragedy. From these facts one might conclude, police officers know the easiest ways to arrest people, but they are irresponsible to avoid the shootings at the average pool party.
Only 9 days this year nobody was killed by police According to data from Mapping Police Violence there are only 9 days this calendar year when nobody was killed by police in the USA. Since January 1, 2015 at least 508 people have now been killed by policemen. Moreover, analyzing all deaths caused by police, African-American and Hispanic people are more likely to be killed than Whites. Figures show that the index of deaths for black people is 3.45 per million, while for whites it is 1.26 per million. Add here military-style equipment and non-lethal weapons, given to cops. And only 0.02 per cent of the nation's police forces are investigated each year. Only 0.02! That means, US policemen are immune from criminal changes in their killings. That's why they carry out their daily police raids to destroy the population at the territories under their control.
The violent pool story #3. White police officer slammed black teen against his car This black family from Ohio will never forget the June 9th. According to the family's testimony, Krystal Dixon and her sister Maya Dixon took their eight children, nephews and nieces to Ohio public school in a Fairfield. Nevertheless, the pool employee demanded the family to leave due to one of the children did not have swim trunks. One of the boys broke the rules and the staff asked the family to leave. As six-months pregnant Krystal Dixon walked to the parking lot, the police officer grabbed her arm and asked for an ID-card. The witness video shows how the police officer pepper sprayed Dixon's family and grabbed 12-year-old child by neck. But according to the Fairfield police department, the white police officer did not use excessive force. Did the pool staff force them to leave because they were black? Was it a race factor? Don't you think the police officer's attempt to arrest Krystal Dixon was unlawful? How the police officers should be charged? What kind of right of defense do you have against unlawful arrests? These days, there is far more to being a "good cop" than choosing not to hurt innocent people. Plus, when are we going to stop being stereotypical? Even today, the stereotypes effect black population of the United States of America transmitted through music, lyrics, titles, literature, movies and folk saying. White Americans across the country embrace African-Americans the image of criminals and looters. How are we going to live with that?
African-American soldiers played a decisive role in the US Army on the western frontier during the Plains Wars, but it's not mentioned in our history books.
Autopsy Says Freddie Gray Died After Sustaining 'High-Energy Injury' in Police Van The Baltimore state medical examiner's office has found that Freddie Gray likely died from a single "high-energy injury" sustained as he rode shackled in the back of a police van on the day of his arrest, according to an autopsy report obtained by the Baltimore Sun. The autopsy report suggested that Gray may have attempted to stand up during the van ride, and that the injury could have occurred as he was thrown against the van wall when the vehicle changed direction. Like really? When police took Gray to the hospital, doctors determined that he had sustained a severed spine and crushed voice box. High-energy injury? We don't think so. It's hard to believe. Do they think we're idiots or something? Cops imprison you, shoot you, sever your spine, crush your larynx, send you to war, keep you poor, call you a thug and get away with it. There's no excuse for what happened to Freddie.
More riots are coming this summer ... unless What is the most important thing the government must to do this year in order our country to live in peace? The criminal justice system is very important institution where law enforcement investigate a crime gathering evidences to identify the presumed perpetrator ensuring that rights of the convicted are respected. But what if American criminal justice reform outdated and the country need to focus on a renewed sense of justice? What if disproportionate punishment is the main challenge of the criminal justice system? Disproportionate punishments known far and wide across the United States of America. Consequently, the victim's skin color plays a crucial role in deciding what kind of punishment he will receive. For instance, you are more likely to be sentenced to death if you have killed a white person. Frankly speaking, if the government wants to keep the country away from the summer urban riots, then they must think about the living standards of black population that is several times below the living standards of white people in America. In addition, the White House must reduce the unemployment rates of black population by revising the hiring policy for black Americans.Therefore, if we want a life's balance, the government have to reconsider all these things, because Black Americans lives matter.
The threat of possible ISIS attacks on the U.S. Military families has risen U.S. Senator Cory Gardner, a Republican from Colorado said in a statement that he was alarmed by the reports of an FBI alert that relatives of the US military personnel in Wyoming and Colorado were harassed outside their homes by Middle Eastern men and might have been under surveillance. A copy of the alert said that the wife of a U.S. military member was approached in front of her home in Colorado by two men. The incident took place in May. Similar incidents in Wyoming repeated in June. We see that the threat of possible ISIS attack on families of the U.S. military has risen. And when the threat is so real the US intelligence agencies are doing nothing. As a matter of the fact they don't fully perform their duties. First of all, the US security forces should take all appropriate measures to identify people who scour after the wives and children of the U.S. Military. Secondly, families of the U.S. Military should be taken under special protection of the police and the FBI. If even one hair of the U.S. Military family members will be lost then the work of American secret services isn't worth a dime as they cannot maintain security on the American soil. In case of a negative scenario there won't be any need in their work. And this will be the final nail in the coffin of the American secret services. Let's remember the last FBI and NSA failures, such as failure to stop the Boston Marathon Bombings and so on. Our soldiers fight for America at the other end of the world and they deserve that their families should be kept safe.
Kansas City Policeman died this Monday afternoon after being shot by a suspect. Detective Lancaster was a U.S Air Force veteran and had served with the Kansas City Police Department for 10 years. Honor to our hero
Clinton said the United States needs to confront the 'systematic racism' in its law enforcement efforts. We're sick of politicians organizing and leading the systematical propaganda against our police. It is unfair and vilely to accuse our heroes of every sin and crime. In fact, the efficiency of our cops resulted in a decrease of the average amount of crimes, especially in large cities. Law-abiding citizens should never fear cops, but criminals do. And that's why Hillary is on the criminals' side. Join our rally on July, 23th in New York City, it's time to show Clinton that we will never let her become our next President!
Hillary Clinton is the co-author of Obama's anti-police and anti-Constitutional propaganda Down With Hillary!
Yesterday our country lost another hero. Investigator Freeman was killed when his patrol vehicle was rammed by a suspect vehicle during a pursuit. Deepest condolences to Anthony's family. Our brave policemen put their lives at risk every day to make our lives secure. Our men in police uniform are real heroes and they can't be called any way but heroes. We don't believe in liberal media accusing our policemen of being absolutely corrupt and using their authority only for personal benefit. American policemen are the only guardians who keep our people safe from criminals.
On Tuesday, the police said about the shots fired at police officers in Denver and Aurora, Colorado. What is wrong with people? The police officers protect people. But the gang of anarchist thugs declared war against the police. I can't belive it's possible. The police administer the law. Law-abidingness is an important part of American life. Of course, history knows police mistakes, but a mistaken arrest is very rare occurance. At the same time, don't forget that officers risk their lives every day. Americans have to honor sacrifices of policemen. Police officers significantly improve the quality of life for the citizens of their communities by keeping the peace despite sometimes overwhelming odds. America has to stand against radical activists who threaten not only officers lives, but also our security.
Ex-Ferguson Cop Darren Wilson: Incident'Makes Me Unemployable' Do you know the best way to ruin your career in the US? Follow the rules and the "miracle" won't be late in arriving. I bet you remember the white former officer who shot and killed an unarmed black teen in Ferguson, last August? After national debate over the relationship between police and black communities Darren Wilson aka "Bad cop, who killed innocent black child" tried to go back to police work but was turned down because he's too big a liability. In the recent interview to New Yorker magazine he said, "It's too hot an issue, so it makes me unemployable." So what does the situation mean to America? Almost nothing except one thing... a man's life may be ruined because he had the audacity to defend himself against huge man with malicious intent. Michael Brown was a thug, who had just assaulted a store owner, and robbed him. Do you have any idea what should police officer do in such situation? He must stop the criminal, period. He was in a no-win situation and it proves how upside-down society has become. I wonder, what will be the next step of American justice degradation? Will surgeons be fired for operate patients with knives? Will Supreme Court send teachers to jail for teaching? Instead hate Wilson, we should pray for him. He did nothing wrong but idiots turned society against an innocent man. So is it a new America?
They came for the children. but I had no small children so I didn't stand up. They came for the ranchers, but I'm not a rancher so I didn't stand up. They came for the guns, but I don't have any guns so I didn't stand up. They came after the people who speak out against to tyranny, but I don't speak out so I didn't stand up. They came after me. and there was no one left to stand up. My friends; if you have never stood for anything now is the time. Look around you, how much freedom do you have? What we have now is NOT what our forefathers wanted for us. (The text by John McClain) Join the secession rally and help Republic of Texas to raise from the ashes! https://www.facebook.com/groups/418006265076223/
Obama is a total hypocrite and a liar! He visited the Dallas memorial service to blame us of racism. He just had to turn a ceremony honoring the fallen officers into a disgraceful. He doesn't care about fallen officers! Obama is not our leader! Texans have already honored our heroes, laying flowers at Dallas police headquarters. But Obama's speech did not make sense at all. That's why we have to support all police officers who refused to applaud Obama. Taking sides with these rioters and racists, Obama literally called for open war against police officers and whites. He came there and he lectured officers who are targeted every day for assassination by Black Lives Matter that they need to change. Kick this asshole out of Texas!
1 am not a fan of 50Cent, but he is definitely is a good example people can change no matter what. Never give up!
Black Americans are dealing with psychopaths when it comes to police. This guy is far from civilized.
WOW!An off-duty Los Angeles cop in Anaheim called a female student a "cunt" for stepping on his lawn as she walked back home from school. When her friend stood up for her, the cop started a fight with kids, pulled a gun and fired a shot near the 13-year-old boy. Is this starting to become a trend now?
FINALLY! TWO GEORGIA POLICE OFFICERS HAVE BEEN FIRED AFTER VIDEO SHOWS THEM KICK BLACK MAN DURING TRAFFIC STOP Two Georgia police officers have been fired after police released the footage of the encounter where two Gwinnett County cops kicking a black college student during a traffic stop. According to a police report; 21-year-old Demetrius Hollins was pulled over near Lawrenceville for changing lines several times without signaling. When cops stopped him ; Hollins was seen on video standing with his hands raised before one of the officers was seen punching the motorist in his face; and the second cop racing to the scene later, only to stomp Hollins in his face. The 21-year-old man said he feared for his life when he saw police approach him. Hollins raised his hands up in order to let him know that he didn't have anything where he could hurt him, but police beat him. Moreover, after the incident cops wrote in their police report that Hollins resisted arrest and claimed that Hollins refused to place his hands behind his back and resisted arrest. Cops literally lied and had no shame. This incident embarrassed and the Gwinnett County police and all law enforcement. They should be held accountable for their actions. Resignation is not the answer. We did not hear any criminal charges. even though they admit the cops broke the law. Where is the justice? FINALLY: TWO GEORGIA POLICE OFFICERS HAVE BEEN FIRED AFTER VID...
Watch this heart-piercing story about a racial bias that might cause law enforcement officers to shoot innocent and unarmed black people.
BLACK STATE TROOPER WHO WON LAWSUIT AGAINST POLICE DEPARTMENT FOR RACIAL DISCRIMINATION FACED THE SAME ISSUED WHEN HE RETURNED TO WORK Two Michigan Black police troopers who recently won lawsuit in racial discrimination and were awarded $5.2 million are suing police department again, claiming they faced the same issues. According to State Police troopers Darzeil Hall and Lamarr Johnson, ever since they returned to work; they have been subjected to petty attacks and denied attempts in promotion. Instead of correcting the wrong behavior toward black employees, police department aggressively criticized their conduct. For instance, police trooper Hall received a "need improvement rating," his squad car was taken away, and his gym car was deactivated for a minor mistake. Along with Hall,. police trooper Johnson was denied at least five promotions after the lawsuit ended on the basis of race. Once again the race car is alive and well. Unfortunately; black police officers still remain second-class officers and experience unfair treatment in police department despite the fact that we live in a "post-racial' society.
All Roads Lead To Washington D.C. On October 10, 2015 in Washington, D.C., at the National Mall, The Honorable Minister Louis Farrakhan will convene the 20th Anniversary of the Million Man March under the theme: Justice or Else! "The Million Man March was one of the most historic organizing and mobilizing events in the history of Black people in the United States," said Chicago-based Dr. Conrad Worrill, who was a main organizer of the March and the current president emeritus of the National United Black Front. The widespread death, rising racism, mob attacks and police brutality on Blacks coupled with economic deprivation and stark poverty, requires that something must be immediately done to address and correct the condition. We should stop the violence and the killings and present ourselves as a united front before the Government of the United States of America. Fredrick Douglas said " Power concedes nothing except by a demand". Our demand of government must be backed by the power of our unity and love of the brotherhood. It's really important for all of us, brothers and sisters. Join the Movement! 10-10-15 Justice Or Else!
Wake up, Black America! Police brutality must stop. Visit http://blacktivist.info/ Take action > add your profile photo to converter > apply Blacktivist filter Everyone who believes in truth must stand up and support our brothers and sisters who suffer from the injustice system!
What if black cops, who are funded by tax payers to protect and serve start killing white people during traffic stops and raids? How much Blue Lives really matter then?
We are not against the police, We are against police brutality!
Alton Sterling, an innocent 37-year-old Black male, was outrageously executed by two Baton Justice For Alton Sterling
We are not against police, we against police brutality!
We are not against police, we against police brutality!
We are not against police, we against police brutality!
We are not against police, we against police brutality!
State Police pulled Philadelphia attorney Rebecca Musarra over for allegedly speeding on October 16, 2015. She refused to answer any questions and they arrested her for obstruction of justice. She was later released without being charged for obstruct. Americans have rights and one of them is the right to remain silent. We don't have to answer your stupid interrogation questions. If we are speeding, tell us we were stopped for speeding, issue the warning/summons and get the hell out of our lives Nazis. Why did they escalate the situation? What for? The best part of the video is when they say she had the right to remain silent. LOL!#Copslogic
State Police pulled Philadelphia attorney Rebecca Musarra over for allegedly speeding on October 16, 2015. She refused to answer any questions and they arrested her for obstruction of justice. She was later released without being charged for obstruct. Americans have rights and one of them is the right to remain silent. We don't have to answer your stupid interrogation questions. If we are speeding, tell us we were stopped for speeding, issue the warning/summons and get the hell out of our lives Nazis. Why did they escalate the situation? What for? The best part of the video is when they say she had the right to remain silent. LOL!#Copslogic
State Police pulled Philadelphia attorney Rebecca Musarra over for allegedly speeding on October 16, 2015. She refused to answer any questions and they arrested her for obstruction of justice. She was later released without being charged for obstruct. Americans have rights and one of them is the right to remain silent. We don't have to answer your stupid interrogation questions. If we are speeding, tell us we were stopped for speeding, issue the warning/summons and get the hell out of our lives Nazis. Why did they escalate the situation? What for? The best part of the video is when they say she had the right to remain silent. LOL!#Copslogic
The USA is exactly the place where cops can't care less about people's civil rights. They are cynical toward the rule of law and disrespectful of the rights of fellow citizens. Details: http://donotshoot.us/
The USA is exactly the place where cops can't care less about people's civil rights. They are cynical toward the rule of law and disrespectful of the rights of fellow citizens. Details: http://donotshoot.us/
SHOCKING!!! Cops can't stop using their blue privilege for illegal parking. Could you imagine how off-duty deputy Tracy Weiss was shocked when she realized that her budge won't protect her from paying parking fines? Her face is priceless. The story happened last month when Weiss found her car being towed for illegal parking. The cop jumped into another vehicle to block the driver, who had towed her car. When she exited the vehicle she had her gun drawn. The driver started recording the incident when he understood that his life is under threat. That's how $62.50 fine turned into $125. The sheriff's office said Weiss has been an Orange County deputy for 11 years and they are investigating the incident. I have only one question: is that how PD trains police in our country? For 11 years she should know how to fix the situation like that. The only reason she should identify herself as an officer is to explain why she has a holstered weapon. Aside from that she should not have mentioned it nor should she have drawn the weapon. To my mind, this woman need to stop being a deputy and carrying a gun. Such cops and people as well should stay away from guns. This would give our citizens a chance to get back home alive. For more stories, join our new brand site http://donotshoot.us/
Please take a moment to read my story! Back in 2015, Douglas Babbitt was talking on the phone in the driver's seat of his parked van when a police officer asked if an open beer bottle on the ground near the vehicle'sfront passenger door belonged to him. Notice the location of the beer can - it's located on the ground, outside of the vehicle, on the passenger's side. When Babbitt said the beer wasn't his, the police needlessly escalated the situation that lead to Babbitt's arrest, and left the 51-year-old Oakland man briefly lying unconscious on the ground. The beer wasn't in his car, and a toxicology report from after his arrest shows that he had no alcohol in his system. So what's the problem with you guys? Damn, after all that, the only thing I may conclude is DO NOT TALK TO POLICE! The following video is a prime example of why...
Please take a moment to read my story! Back in 2015, Douglas Babbitt was talking on the phone in the driver's seat of his parked van when a police officer asked if an open beer bottle on the ground near the vehicle'sfront passenger door belonged to him. Notice the location of the beer can - it's located on the ground, outside of the vehicle, on the passenger's side. When Babbitt said the beer wasn't his, the police needlessly escalated the situation that lead to Babbitt's arrest, and left the 51-year-old Oakland man briefly lying unconscious on the ground. The beer wasn't in his car, and a toxicology report from after his arrest shows that he had no alcohol in his system. So what's the problem with you guys? Damn, after all that, the only thing I may conclude is DO NOT TALK TO POLICE! The following video is a prime example of why...
Please take a moment to read my story! Back in 2015, Douglas Babbitt was talking on the phone in the driver's seat of his parked van when a police officer asked if an open beer bottle on the ground near the vehicle'sfront passenger door belonged to him. Notice the location of the beer can - it's located on the ground, outside of the vehicle, on the passenger's side. When Babbitt said the beer wasn't his, the police needlessly escalated the situation that lead to Babbitt's arrest, and left the 51-year-old Oakland man briefly lying unconscious on the ground. The beer wasn't in his car, and a toxicology report from after his arrest shows that he had no alcohol in his system. So what's the problem with you guys? Damn, after all that, the only thing I may conclude is DO NOT TALK TO POLICE! The following video is a prime example of why...
Watch below an attack on another victim of police brutality. R.I.P Sarah Reed.
Watch below an attack on another victim of police brutality. R.I.P Sarah Reed.
Watch below an attack on another victim of police brutality. R.I.P Sarah Reed.
What's the difference between USA cops and EU cops? That's a fact that US police officers are bad trained. Cops are programmed to take innocent lives. Cops here in America play God. They believe they are judge, jury and executioner, and if someone disobeys them or breaks the law, it is their job to punish that person. They believe it is justifiable to shoot someone who is not a threat simply because that person "deserves it" in their eyes. It will be hard to find the same approach in any other country. So what's the difference? The difference in mindset, American cops truly believe they will get away with it. In comparison with other countries, particularly in the UK, cops understand that their job is to apprehend, NOT PUNISH. They do not try to shoot you, they understand that they are not the jury and this is not their job. Bad that America trained not like this!???
This is disgusting! What is wrong with the US police? That's certainly not protect and serve. WATCH THIS: http://bit.ly/lVaSgco For more videos ? Don't Shoot
Try to guess what would cops do, if you were back talking? Right, couple of punches, some kicks and dozens of bruises for memory, here's a proof.. In a video you can see a cop who brutally attacked a teenager for what? Hmmm, who knows... I bet, cop apologist will say the kid was in the wrong for "back talking" how dare he insults his master, but seriously, it's a human instinct to resist when someone throwing you around like a rag doll. This cops an a$$hole. Could you imagine that was your child? What would you do, if something like that has happened to you kid?
An officer gives two California truckers a tough choice: to face arrest or tell the location of drug money they were allegedly transporting through Tennessee. A good cop would arrest the guy immediatly, bad one... WATCH: http://bit.ly/1 Ty26m9
What he did to the girl is disgusting! After that I have only one question: should cops be in public schools? More info: http://bit.ly/1 TRfCib
We know million stories about ridiculous reasons why people have been arrested but this time is out of my mind! A man was arrested for SMOKING A CIGARETTE OUTDOORS! I bet the news related to 'hard to believe in' but still... Watching the video I've only noticed people peacefully enjoying the beautiful nature on a bright sunny day, and as soon as police show up the police ruined the camping. I wonder what would happen; if people stood together against the police? Is it any chance to transform police brutality into something peaceful? Guys; please; feel free to share our opinion with us in comments below.
"Know Your Rights or Your Safety Is At Risk In Any Interaction With The Police" SHOCKING video was uploaded to YouTube recently shows a man in Newington; Connecticut. refusing to fall for Police State tactics of intimidation at a police checkpoint - widely known as a sobriety or DUI checkpoint; but in reality what amounts to an excuse for cops to surveil and keep tabs on citizens. They say cops are keeping us safe, but the reality is absolutely different! Those pigs are filling up prison for profit quotas. arrest quotas. any other f@cking quotas. REMEMBER: Police is not a guarantee of peaceful streets... not in the police states of America. Moral of the story: educate yourself, stand up for your constitutional rights and take the power back from these public "servants."#PowerToThePeople. We are the many, they are the few. Together we can stop #PoliceTerror.
The video will make you speechless!"??? If cops protected our rights as the cop from the record below. we would never faced police brutality
This is what living in a police state feels like. You can be arrested literally for anything, even for eating a hamburger. This guy is lucky that he wasn't killed for this! Details: http://bit.ly/lZapk3s
Two police officers were caught on camera assaulting a man that was cooperating. As you can see on the video, the man was showing no signs of resistance and got down on the ground willingly. He did everything to escape the police violence, but he couldn't because we live in a police state, where every arrest turns into a nightmare. Details on the case: http:Hbit.ly/1 XPj8Pq
Video will show you how dangerous crossing the streets in a police state can be. Full story: http://bit.ly/1 RQaw46
The veteran was recovering from his heart surgery when the police came to check on him. He ended up being shot. Full story: http://bit.ly/lXOrpkm
This is what living in a police state looks like! Full information about police brutality in the US: http://bit.ly/106zgBD
Warning, the video is extremely disturbing! Phillip White died after he was beaten in the street by the two police officers, who also let the K9 brutally mauled him! And again cops lied about what happened. One of the officers said that the man tried to disarm him ; but the video never showed anything like this! Read the full story: http://bit.ly/28JIShm
Youtube user Trey Citizen, was filming the parking lot of the Greer South Carolina, Police Department. He was assaulted and arrested for that! The whole incident was recorded and you can see how police officers violate our rights!
Peaceful Martin Luther King Jr. rally almost turned violent when a police officer pepper sprayed innocent people on the street! Read the full story: http://bit.ly/1tc61X2
#Chicago released hundreds of videos, audio recordings and documents related to 101 pending investigations by the independent Police Review Authority, which investigates police-involved incidents. This is one of the videos that authorities have released. Though the video is a clear example of an excessive force, the report said that police officer had to use his baton to protect himself. Another cop was caught lying about the case. It's not the first video that proves that cops are lying bastards and it's not the last. What they do is systematically abusing people and then covering it with "I was feared for my life" phrase. If it's so scaring to be a police officer, may be they should find another job? What punishment do you think he deserves for that?!
The video will teach you how to interact with the police!
Warning! The video is graphic. Two cops brutally assaulted a man and killed him! Whatever he did, they didn't have the right to treat him like that! Cops are taking away people's lives and they don't even need a reason for that!
Warning! The video is graphic. Two cops brutally assaulted a man and killed him: Whatever he did, they didn't have the right to treat him like that! Cops are taking away people's lives and they don't even need a reason for that!
#justiceforaltonsterling BREAKING!!! Cops just killed a 37-year-old #AltonSterling who was selling music outside a Baton Rouge convenience store. He had 5 kids! CAN YOU BELIEVE THEY DID IT AGAIN?! Cops just executed him! It's one of the worst cases of the police brutality! Read the full story: http://bit.ly/29jwfUr
We are fed up with cops who kill innocent Blacks and always remain unpunished. Time to say what WE think about the American justice. Answer ONLY ONE QUESTION in our SURVEY and show what we really think of the American Criminal Justice System. UPD Experts think that cop involved in this murder won't be charged. What do you think?! VOTE: http://bit.ly/29zFhye
What's the difference between USA cops and EU cops? That's a fact that US police officers are bad trained. Cops are programmed to take innocent lives. Cops here in America play God. They believe they are judge, jury and executioner, and if someone disobeys them or breaks the law, it is their job to punish that person. They believe it is justifiable to shoot someone who is not a threat simply because that person "deserves it" in their eyes. It will be hard to find the same approach in any other country. So what's the difference? The difference in mindset, American cops truly believe they will get away with it. In comparison with other countries, particularly in the UK, cops understand that their job is to apprehend, NOT PUNISH. They do not try to shoot you, they understand that they are not the jury and this is not their job. Bad that America trained not like this!???
We want to grow and not being shot! Join us!
We want to grow and not being shot! Join us!
We want to grow and not being shot! Join us!
We want to grow and not being shot! Join us!
We want to live in the country with no fear!
We want to live in the country with no fear!
We want to live in the country with no fear!
We want to live in the country with no fear!
We want to grow and not being shot! Join us!
YES, she is "Kadra Mohamed", Minnesota's first hijab wearing police woman and the first Somali female officer. Kadra Mohamed is only 21 years old and already making history.
Yesterday and the day before yesterday and many days before that, we had to witness horrible crimes committed by the police against Black men. The killing of Al Never Forget Never July 16th, 1 pm. Washington Square Park, NYC Blackluive
Pulls out a rock and throws it at the cop to try and capture the Pokemon. Gets arrested
If you say you don't need badges, it means you don't need your safety and confidence! Click Learn More! Support The Police Libelibe
Protect those who protect you. Pro-police. Anti-criminal. Stop the war on our police. Join @stay4police and stay thankful! Support The Police
This is so awful but who cares? Do you know that the United States and its allies have killed at least 3,200 civilians in more than 1,000 days of bombing? Yes, it's more than nine times the 352 deaths acknowledged by the U.S. military. Innocent Syrian civilians are dying for no reason, people in America still suffer from unemployement, injustice and police brutality, but they still spend money for bombing the Middle East.
"Momma, Did You Hear The News?" is a kids' book that aims to help black parents to talk about police brutality "Momma, Did You Hear The News?" is a kids' book that aims to help black parents to talk about police brutality This Kids' Book Helps Parents Approach 'The Talk' About Police Brutality BlackMattersUS.com blackmattersus.com
Onle 10 day suspension for killing Michael Marshall. That's not justice Denver city officials announced Wednesday that three Denver sheriff's deputies have been suspended for at least 10 day without pay in the jail death of a mentally ill Black inmate Three Denver Deputies Suspended In Death Of Mentally III Black Inmate I BlackMattersUS.com blackmattersus.com
Husband of Sheila Abdus-Salaam, the first black female New York judge, pleads for help after cops call case `suspicious' Husband of Sheila Abdus- Salaam, the first black female New York judge, pleads for help after cops call case `suspicious' Cops Call Case Of Dead New York Black Judge Sheila Abdus-Salaam `Suspicious' I BlackMattersUS.com blackmattersus.com
Black Men Urge City Officials To Declare `State Of Emergency' In Grand Rapids, Michigan They have safety concerns for their community following reports of bias policing. Black Men Urge City Officials To Declare `State Of Emergency' In Grand Rapids, Michigan I BlackMattersUS.com blackmattersus.com
It may sound funny but in many aspects, police brutality is like sex, a very important topic we don't discuss openly with kids. For many years police brutality has been the issue you can't skip when talking to your kid. Learning To Talk About Police Brutality I BlackMattersUS.com blackmattersus.com
This woman is trying to make jury sympathize with her though she didn't show any sympathy pulling the trigger. Police Officer Betty Shelby, who is facing manslaughter charges in the fatal shooting of Terence Crutcher, faced the jury on Wednesday. Terence Crutcher Killer Faces First Trial BlackMattersUS.com blackmattersus.com
Yet another innocent Black man losses his life due to the canker of police brutality in America. Police Brutality: Black Man Beaten To Death By Cops BM BM
Yet another innocent Black man losses his life due to the canker of police brutality in America. Police Brutality: Black Man Beaten To Death By Cops BM BM
Yet another innocent Black man losses his life due to the canker of police brutality in America. Police Brutality: Black Man Beaten To Death By Cops BM BM
Yet another innocent Black man losses his life due to the canker of police brutality in America. Police Brutality: Black Man Beaten To Death By Cops BM BM
Yet another innocent Black man losses his life due to the canker of police brutality in America. Police Brutality: Black Man Beaten To Death By Cops BM BM
Yet another innocent Black man losses his life due to the canker of police brutality in America. Police Brutality: Black Man Beaten To Death By Cops BM BM
Indiana jury awarded the man a $1 compensation following a mistaken identity case, whereby cops entered his home without warrant and unlawfully arrested him. Back in July 7, 2012, Indiana police came into the home of an 18-year-old high school student, DeShawn Franklin without a warrant, woke him up from his sleep wi Indiana Jury Gives Black Man $1 Compensation After Unlawful Arrest I Black Matters BM
There is a disgusting video circulating on the internet which shows an unidentified white cop rape a helpless Black teen. Shameless White Cop Rapes Black Teen I BM BM
There is a disgusting video circulating on the internet which shows an unidentified white cop rape a helpless Black teen. Shameless White Cop Rapes Black Teen I BM BM
There is a disgusting video circulating on the internet which shows an unidentified white cop rape a helpless Black teen. Shameless White Cop Rapes Black Teen I BM BM
There is a disgusting video circulating on the internet which shows an unidentified white cop rape a helpless Black teen. Shameless White Cop Rapes Black Teen I BM BM
There is a disgusting video circulating on the internet which shows an unidentified white cop rape a helpless Black teen. Shameless White Cop Rapes Black Teen I BM BM
There is a disgusting video circulating on the internet which shows an unidentified white cop rape a helpless Black teen. Shameless White Cop Rapes Black Teen I BM BM
There is a disgusting video circulating on the internet which shows an unidentified white cop rape a helpless Black teen. Shameless White Cop Rapes Black Teen I BM BM
This article takes you through some five documented eye-opening facts about Terrence Sterling's death that you need to know. Police Brutality Facts: The Case Of Terrence Sterling I BM BM
The Police Chief of El Cajon, Jeff Davis has revealed that the Black man.. Alfred Olango who was shot by his men on Wednesday, didn't possess a weapon as reported earlier. The Police Chief of El Cajon, Jeff Davis has revealed that the Black man, Alfred Olango who was shot by his men on Wednesday; didn't possess a weapon as reporte El Cajon Shooting: Black Man Shot By Police Had No Weapon: Police Chief Admits I BM BM
The Police Chief of El Cajon, Jeff Davis has revealed that the Black man.. Alfred Olango who was shot by his men on Wednesday, didn't possess a weapon as reported earlier. The Police Chief of El Cajon, Jeff Davis has revealed that the Black man, Alfred Olango who was shot by his men on Wednesday; didn't possess a weapon as reporte El Cajon Shooting: Black Man Shot By Police Had No Weapon: Police Chief Admits I BM BM
The Police Chief of El Cajon, Jeff Davis has revealed that the Black man.. Alfred Olango who was shot by his men on Wednesday, didn't possess a weapon as reported earlier. The Police Chief of El Cajon, Jeff Davis has revealed that the Black man, Alfred Olango who was shot by his men on Wednesday; didn't possess a weapon as reporte El Cajon Shooting: Black Man Shot By Police Had No Weapon: Police Chief Admits I BM BM
The Police Chief of El Cajon, Jeff Davis has revealed that the Black man.. Alfred Olango who was shot by his men on Wednesday, didn't possess a weapon as reported earlier. The Police Chief of El Cajon, Jeff Davis has revealed that the Black man, Alfred Olango who was shot by his men on Wednesday; didn't possess a weapon as reporte El Cajon Shooting: Black Man Shot By Police Had No Weapon: Police Chief Admits I BM BM
The Police Chief of El Cajon, Jeff Davis has revealed that the Black man.. Alfred Olango who was shot by his men on Wednesday, didn't possess a weapon as reported earlier. The Police Chief of El Cajon, Jeff Davis has revealed that the Black man, Alfred Olango who was shot by his men on Wednesday; didn't possess a weapon as reporte El Cajon Shooting: Black Man Shot By Police Had No Weapon: Police Chief Admits I BM blackmattersus.com
Amazing Beyonce protested against gun violence during her performance in the Video Music Awards. The popular singer showed her disapproval of the recent gun violence in the country through her VMA performance. Beyonce, while performing a number of songs fro Beyonce Protests Against Police Brutality In VMA Performance I Black Matters BM
Amazing Beyonce protested against gun violence during her performance in the Video Music Awards. The popular singer showed her disapproval of the recent gun violence in the country through her VMA performance. Beyonce, while performing a number of songs fro Beyonce Protests Against Police Brutality In VMA Performance I Black Matters BM
Amazing Beyonce protested against gun violence during her performance in the Video Music Awards. The popular singer showed her disapproval of the recent gun violence in the country through her VMA performance. Beyonce, while performing a number of songs fro Beyonce Protests Against Police Brutality In VMA Performance I Black Matters BM
November 22 will mark the second anniversary of the Tamir Rice's death. The 12-year-old was carrying a toy airsoft gun when officer Timothy Loehmann shot him within two seconds of arriving on the scene. A grand jury decided not indict the killer. Tamir's mother said she is "mad as hell" with the grand jury's decision of declaring the officer not guilty. She went on to say,"He was my bright and shining star. He was full of light and laughter. Tamir had the potential to become anything in the World, but Officer Loehmann and Garmback didn't give him a chance". Due to the corrupt system, Samaria Rice has a dead child. However; he will always live in our hearts. Join us on November 26 to honor the memory of Tamir and show support to his family. Remember Tamir Rice
November 22 will mark the second anniversary of the Tamir Rice's death. The 12-year-old was carrying a toy airsoft gun when officer Timothy Loehmann shot him within two seconds of arriving on the scene. A grand jury decided not indict the killer. Tamir's mother said she is "mad as hell" with the grand jury's decision of declaring the officer not guilty. She went on to say,"He was my bright and shining star. He was full of light and laughter. Tamir had the potential to become anything in the World, but Officer Loehmann and Garmback didn't give him a chance". Due to the corrupt system, Samaria Rice has a dead child. However; he will always live in our hearts. Join us on November 26 to honor the memory of Tamir and show support to his family. Remember Tamir Rice
November 22 will mark the second anniversary of the Tamir Rice's death. The 12-year-old was carrying a toy airsoft gun when officer Timothy Loehmann shot him within two seconds of arriving on the scene. A grand jury decided not indict the killer. Tamir's mother said she is "mad as hell" with the grand jury's decision of declaring the officer not guilty. She went on to say. "He was my bright and shining star. He was full of light and laughter. Tamir had the potential to become anything in the World, but Officer Loehmann and Garmback didn't give him a chance". Due to the corrupt system, Samaria Rice has a dead child. However: he will always live in our hearts. Join us on November 26 to honor the memory of Tamir and show support to his family. Remember Tamir Rice
November 22 will mark the second anniversary of the Tamir Rice's death. The 12-year-old was carrying a toy airsoft gun when officer Timothy Loehmann shot him within two seconds of arriving on the scene. A grand jury decided not indict the killer. Tamir's mother said she is "mad as hell" with the grand jury's decision of declaring the officer not guilty. She went on to say. "He was my bright and shining star. He was full of light and laughter. Tamir had the potential to become anything in the World, but Officer Loehmann and Garmback didn't give him a chance". Due to the corrupt system, Samaria Rice has a dead child. However: he will always live in our hearts. Join us on November 26 to honor the memory of Tamir and show support to his family. Remember Tamir Rice
November 22 will mark the second anniversary of the Tamir Rice's death. The 12-year-old was carrying a toy airsoft gun when officer Timothy Loehmann shot him within two seconds of arriving on the scene. A grand jury decided not indict the killer. Tamir's mother said she is "mad as hell" with the grand jury's decision of declaring the officer not guilty. She went on to say. "He was my bright and shining star. He was full of light and laughter. Tamir had the potential to become anything in the World, but Officer Loehmann and Garmback didn't give him a chance". Due to the corrupt system, Samaria Rice has a dead child. However: he will always live in our hearts. Join us on November 26 to honor the memory of Tamir and show support to his family. Remember Tamir Rice
November 22 will mark the second anniversary of the Tamir Rice's death. The 12-year-old was carrying a toy airsoft gun when officer Timothy Loehmann shot him within two seconds of arriving on the scene. A grand jury decided not indict the killer. Tamir's mother said she is "mad as hell" with the grand jury's decision of declaring the officer not guilty. She went on to say,"He was my bright and shining star. He was full of light and laughter. Tamir had the potential to become anything in the World, but Officer Loehmann and Garmback didn't give him a chance". Due to the corrupt system, Samaria Rice has a dead child. However; he will always live in our hearts. Join us on November 26 to honor the memory of Tamir and show support to his family. Remember Tamir Rice
On November 15, 2015, Jamar Clark. a 24-year-old black man, was fatally shot by two Minneapolis cops. According to witnesses. Jamar was handcuffed when he was shot. Killer cops involved in the shooting won't face discipline. Chief Janee Harteau recently said that an internal investigation found the officers were warranted in using deadly force in the death of the 24-year-old black man. It's been a year since he died. Justice still hasn't been served. Come out to honor the memory of Jamar on November 19. We won't stop until change is here! #blacklivesmatter Remember Jamar Clark
On November 15, 2015, Jamar Clark. a 24-year-old black man, was fatally shot by two Minneapolis cops. According to witnesses. Jamar was handcuffed when he was shot. Killer cops involved in the shooting won't face discipline. Chief Janee Harteau recently said that an internal investigation found the officers were warranted in using deadly force in the death of the 24-year-old black man. It's been a year since he died. Justice still hasn't been served. Come out to honor the memory of Jamar on November 19. We won't stop until change is here! #blacklivesmatter Remember Jamar Clark
On November 15, 2015, Jamar Clark. a 24-year-old black man, was fatally shot by two Minneapolis cops. According to witnesses. Jamar was handcuffed when he was shot. Killer cops involved in the shooting won't face discipline. Chief Janee Harteau recently said that an internal investigation found the officers were warranted in using deadly force in the death of the 24-year-old black man. It's been a year since he died. Justice still hasn't been served. Come out to honor the memory of Jamar on November 19. We won't stop until change is here! #blacklivesmatter Remember Jamar Clark
On November 15, 2015, Jamar Clark. a 24-year-old black man, was fatally shot by two Minneapolis cops. According to witnesses. Jamar was handcuffed when he was shot. Killer cops involved in the shooting won't face discipline. Chief Janee Harteau recently said that an internal investigation found the officers were warranted in using deadly force in the death of the 24-year-old black man. It's been a year since he died. Justice still hasn't been served. Come out to honor the memory of Jamar on November 19. We won't stop until change is here! #blacklivesmatter Remember Jamar Clark
On November 15, 2015, Jamar Clark. a 24-year-old black man, was fatally shot by two Minneapolis cops. According to witnesses. Jamar was handcuffed when he was shot. Killer cops involved in the shooting won't face discipline. Chief Janee Harteau recently said that an internal investigation found the officers were warranted in using deadly force in the death of the 24-year-old black man. It's been a year since he died. Justice still hasn't been served. Come out to honor the memory of Jamar on November 19. We won't stop until change is here! #blacklivesmatter Remember Jamar Clark
43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott was fatally shot by police Tuesday afternoon at an apartment complex in Charlotte. The man was disabled, according to his family. Scott was waiting for his son to come home from school when police arrived at the apartment complex and shot him. The killer cop named Brentley Vinson from Metro Division has been placed on paid Administrative Leave. Raise up with us to demand justice for Keith Lamont Scott and his family on Saturday, September 24 at 12 pm! Justice For Keith Lamont Scott
43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott was fatally shot by police Tuesday afternoon at an apartment complex in Charlotte. The man was disabled, according to his family. Scott was waiting for his son to come home from school when police arrived at the apartment complex and shot him. The killer cop named Brentley Vinson from Metro Division has been placed on paid Administrative Leave. Raise up with us to demand justice for Keith Lamont Scott and his family on Saturday, September 24 at 12 pm! Justice For Keith Lamont Scott
43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott was fatally shot by police Tuesday afternoon at an apartment complex in Charlotte. The man was disabled, according to his family. Scott was waiting for his son to come home from school when police arrived at the apartment complex and shot him. The killer cop named Brentley Vinson from Metro Division has been placed on paid Administrative Leave. Raise up with us to demand justice for Keith Lamont Scott and his family on Saturday, September 24 at 12 pm! Justice For Keith Lamont Scott
The story of Leon Ford is shocking sad and gives hope at the same time. This brave activist uses his personal experience to inspire others and fight against police brutality. On November 12, 2012, Leon Ford was pulled over by a Pittsburgh cop for what appeared to be a routine traffic stop. His life has never been the same since then. Leon Ford: Activating Minds of Those Who are Mentally Paralyzed I BM BM
The story of Leon Ford is shocking sad and gives hope at the same time. This brave activist uses his personal experience to inspire others and fight against police brutality. On November 12, 2012, Leon Ford was pulled over by a Pittsburgh cop for what appeared to be a routine traffic stop. His life has never been the same since then. Leon Ford: Activating Minds of Those Who are Mentally Paralyzed I BM BM
The story of Leon Ford is shocking sad and gives hope at the same time. This brave activist uses his personal experience to inspire others and fight against police brutality. On November 12, 2012, Leon Ford was pulled over by a Pittsburgh cop for what appeared to be a routine traffic stop. His life has never been the same since then. Leon Ford: Activating Minds of Those Who are Mentally Paralyzed I BM BM
Please share this disturbing video. A routine revenue collection stop turned into a nightmare for this black man. Kevin Campbell was driving his wife's minivan home in June when he was targeted for revenue collection by Allen Park Police Officer Daniel Mack. Mack literally kidnapped Campbell, placed him in handcuffs, threw him in a cage over a suspended license, accused Campbell of having drugs on him despite the fact that the K9 didn't find anything. Moreover, the cop sodomized him by putting the illegal substance inside his body. There was no search warrant.
Please share this disturbing video. A routine revenue collection stop turned into a nightmare for this black man. Kevin Campbell was driving his wife's minivan home in June when he was targeted for revenue collection by Allen Park Police Officer Daniel Mack. Mack literally kidnapped Campbell, placed him in handcuffs, threw him in a cage over a suspended license, accused Campbell of having drugs on him despite the fact that the K9 didn't find anything. Moreover, the cop sodomized him by putting the illegal substance inside his body. There was no search warrant.
Please share this disturbing video. A routine revenue collection stop turned into a nightmare for this black man. Kevin Campbell was driving his wife's minivan home in June when he was targeted for revenue collection by Allen Park Police Officer Daniel Mack. Mack literally kidnapped Campbell, placed him in handcuffs, threw him in a cage over a suspended license, accused Campbell of having drugs on him despite the fact that the K9 didn't find anything. Moreover, the cop sodomized him by putting the illegal substance inside his body. There was no search warrant.
Please share this disturbing video. A routine revenue collection stop turned into a nightmare for this black man. Kevin Campbell was driving his wife's minivan home in June when he was targeted for revenue collection by Allen Park Police Officer Daniel Mack. Mack literally kidnapped Campbell, placed him in handcuffs, threw him in a cage over a suspended license, accused Campbell of having drugs on him despite the fact that the K9 didn't find anything. Moreover, the cop sodomized him by putting the illegal substance inside his body. There was no search warrant.
Please share this disturbing video. A routine revenue collection stop turned into a nightmare for this black man. Kevin Campbell was driving his wife's minivan home in June when he was targeted for revenue collection by Allen Park Police Officer Daniel Mack. Mack literally kidnapped Campbell, placed him in handcuffs, threw him in a cage over a suspended license, accused Campbell of having drugs on him despite the fact that the K9 didn't find anything. Moreover, the cop sodomized him by putting the illegal substance inside his body. There was no search warrant.
Please share this disturbing video. A routine revenue collection stop turned into a nightmare for this black man. Kevin Campbell was driving his wife's minivan home in June when he was targeted for revenue collection by Allen Park Police Officer Daniel Mack. Mack literally kidnapped Campbell, placed him in handcuffs, threw him in a cage over a suspended license, accused Campbell of having drugs on him despite the fact that the K9 didn't find anything. Moreover, the cop sodomized him by putting the illegal substance inside his body. There was no search warrant.
The cop beat this man like he was a runaway slave.
The cop beat this man like he was a runaway slave.
The cop beat this man like he was a runaway slave.
The cop beat this man like he was a runaway slave.
The cop beat this man like he was a runaway slave.
The cop beat this man like he was a runaway slave.
The video is circulating across the internet allegedly depicting a white NYPD officer raping a black 15-year-old girl in a jail cell. According to some sources, the incident took place in South Africa. However, there are some crucial points that are hidden from the society. A shocking video went viral of an on- duty white cop raping a young black teen in a jail, collecting numerous comments. Firstly; in the description box, it was w Major mismatches in the story of white cop raping 15 yo black girl I BM BM
The video is circulating across the internet allegedly depicting a white NYPD officer raping a black 15-year-old girl in a jail cell. According to some sources, the incident took place in South Africa. However, there are some crucial points that are hidden from the society. A shocking video went viral of an on- duty white cop raping a young black teen in a jail, collecting numerous comments. Firstly; in the description box, it was w Major mismatches in the story of white cop raping 15 yo black girl I BM BM
The video is circulating across the internet allegedly depicting a white NYPD officer raping a black 15-year-old girl in a jail cell. According to some sources, the incident took place in South Africa. However, there are some crucial points that are hidden from the society. A shocking video went viral of an on- duty white cop raping a young black teen in a jail, collecting numerous comments. Firstly, in the description box, it was w Major mismatches in the story of white cop raping 15 yo black girl I BM BM
The video is circulating across the internet allegedly depicting a white NYPD officer raping a black 15-year-old girl in a jail cell. According to some sources, the incident took place in South Africa. However, there are some crucial points that are hidden from the society. A shocking video went viral of an on- duty white cop raping a young black teen in a jail, collecting numerous comments. Firstly; in the description box, it was w Major mismatches in the story of white cop raping 15 yo black girl I BM BM
The video is circulating across the internet allegedly depicting a white NYPD officer raping a black 15-year-old girl in a jail cell. According to some sources, the incident took place in South Africa. However, there are some crucial points that are hidden from the society. A shocking video went viral of an on- duty white cop raping a young black teen in a jail, collecting numerous comments. Firstly, in the description box, it was w Major mismatches in the story of white cop raping 15 yo black girl I BM BM
October 22 is the National Day of Protest. October 22nd is a day that people around the nation have mobilized every year since 1996 for a National Day of Protest to Stop Police Brutality, Repression and the Criminalization of a Generation. Here in Charlotte, this problem appears especially hard. A number of victims and quantity of cases, where justice wasn't served - horrifies. The most well- known case is shooting of Jonathan Ferrell, an unarmed black man who was shot ten times and killed. Or situation with Daniel Kevin Harris, a deaf man, who just couldn't explain a thing, before he was shot. We need to use our right to protest to demand the authorities and police representatives, to do, the thing they are supposed to do! To protect and serve! Not to kill, damage and cripple! Join us on October 22, in Charlotte, 600 East Trade Street, just between Charlotte City hall and Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department. National Day of Protest. Charlotte, NC
October 22 is the National Day of Protest. October 22nd is a day that people around the nation have mobilized every year since 1996 for a National Day of Protest to Stop Police Brutality, Repression and the Criminalization of a Generation. Here in Charlotte, this problem appears especially hard. A number of victims and quantity of cases, where justice wasn't served - horrifies. The most well- known case is shooting of Jonathan Ferrell, an unarmed black man who was shot ten times and killed. Or situation with Daniel Kevin Harris, a deaf man, who just couldn't explain a thing, before he was shot. We need to use our right to protest to demand the authorities and police representatives, to do, the thing they are supposed to do! To protect and serve! Not to kill, damage and cripple! Join us on October 22, in Charlotte, 600 East Trade Street, just between Charlotte City hall and Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department. National Day of Protest. Charlotte, NC
UC Davis paid $175,000 or more to scrub police pepper spray incident from web searches http://boingboing.net/2016/04/13/uc-davis-spent-1 75000-to-scr.htm I
UC Davis paid $175,000 or more to scrub police pepper spray incident from web searches http://boingboing.net/2016/04/13/uc-davis-spent-1 75000-to-scr.htm I
Attention, everyone! Whether you are participating in the National Day of Protest or not, you can support our movement and show your solidarity. You have a unique opportunity to purchase a branded t-shirt expressing your struggle against police brutality. Make everyone see what you think! https://www.bonfirefunds.com/stop-police-brutality https://www.bonfirefunds.com/national-day-of-protest-1 Order your limited edition Stop Police Brutality custom shirts before 10/20/2016! All proceeds benefit BlackMattersUS. Stop Police Brutality BM
Yet the death of another Black man has been recorded in the bloody books of the law enforcement. Read our research folloing the link. A police officer shot and killed Darius Wimberly in the awe hours of Tuesday while attending to a 911 call. Officer Shot And Killed Black Man In Benton Harbor I BM BM
Yet the death of another Black man has been recorded in the bloody books of the law enforcement. Read our research folloing the link. A police officer shot and killed Darius Wimberly in the awe hours of Tuesday while attending to a 911 call. Officer Shot And Killed Black Man In Benton Harbor I BM BM
Bianca Carlisle Parker is the wife of Dante Parker, an African American man who was killed by police. Dante Parker, 36, a father of five and a popular newspaper pressman died in police custody on August 12, 2014. He was tasered over 25 times by cops who suspecte Widow Of Dante Parker: I Still Haven't Seen Police Report I BM BM
Another case of cop brutality arises, as a Black motorist was brutally beaten for accidentally turning up the volume of his car music during a traffic stop. Yet another case of cop brutality arises, as a Black motorist was brutally beaten for accidentally turning up the volume of his car music during a traffic stop. Cop Brutality: Officer Assaults Black Man Over "Loud Music" I BM BM
This cop brutalized the child for taking a shortcut back home. This is why we have the BLM movement against injustice and police brutality.
This cop brutalized the child for taking a shortcut back home. This is why we have the BLM movement against injustice and police brutality.
This cop brutalized the child for taking a shortcut back home. This is why we have the BLM movement against injustice and police brutality. This cop brutalized the child for taking a shortcut back home....
Black celebrities star in a distressing new short film titled `Against The Wall." New Film Features Black Celebrities As Police Brutality Victims I BM BM
Father of the mentally ill Black man killed in the El Cajon shooting last month Richard Olango, has established a police-reform foundation. El Cajon Shooting: Father of Alfred Olango Sets Up Foundation I BM BM
This man beat up police officer who tased his wife. Do you agree with the man who defended his woman?
Two Black brothers were handcuffed by Colorado Springs police in a traffic stop for `driving while Black'. Colorado Springs Police Handcuff Two Black Brothers For No Given Reason I BM BM
Two Black brothers were handcuffed by Colorado Springs police in a traffic stop for `driving while Black'. Colorado Springs Police Handcuff Two Black Brothers For No Given Reason I BM BM
Two Black brothers were handcuffed by Colorado Springs police in a traffic stop for `driving while Black'. Colorado Springs Police Handcuff Two Black Brothers For No Given Reason I BM BM
Only in our country a Black man can be charged after he was attacked by the police officer! Video by: @[540176322666035:274:Police The Police]
We united by our shared goal of police accountability!
We united by our shared goal of police accountability':
We united by our shared goal of police accountability!
We united by our shared goal of police accountability!
We united by our shared goal of police accountability! Watch The Police
Here you can see guy was harassed for allegedly having a bottle of alcohol in his University dorm room. Pigs forced their way into the room without his consent and opened the fridge. When they didn't find alcohol (there was just ranch dressing) they threatened him with expelling from University. WTF?? This is what you get when you are going to get education in America.
This group is basically to bring together all who have faced the wrath of prison life. Hell And Back
This group is basically to bring together all who have faced the wrath of prison life. Hell And Back
This group is basically to bring together all who have faced the wrath of prison life. Hell And Back
This group is basically to bring together all who have faced the wrath of prison life. Hell And Back
Our page is the living evidence of importance of police reform in America. Watch The Police
Finally churches have come to join the protest crying for order in the police department. Brutality by police is enough, they said. Most of Christians from different churches converged Sunday outside the Rogers Park District police station with respect to police accountability. The event was one of the major protests coordinated by the Community Renewal Society Sunday beckoning city officials to adopt the FAIR COPS ordinance which would install an independent auditor to check the mayor's authority on police matters. The Christians believe that with their cry, a good results will come out of it. Follow my Facebook: https://www.facebook.comnVilliamsandKalvin Subscribe to my YouTube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSbzPCwUDPvDCR6VRaOcDtg Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Williams8kalvin
This is scary. Our children are not safe in this world anymore. Stop police violence. Don't bomb Syria. Stop the spread of war. Their childhood is not the most beautiful of all life's seasons anymore. Our politicians won't care unless it happens to their families.
After a Cleveland officer killed 12-year-old Tamir Rice in cold blood last December and his family is still in mourning, the city has filed a creditor's claim against the "estate" of the little boy. This is heartlessness in the highest degree! Even though $500 is not so much to pay, suing them was useless considering the fact that they were responsible for this calamity that came upon this family. #WilliamsandKalvin #BlackLivesMatter
Yet another innocent Black man losses his life due to the canker of police brutality in America. Yet another innocent Black man losses his life due to the canker of police brutality in America. Police Brutality: Black Man Beaten To Death By Cops I BM blackmattersus.com
43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott was fatally shot by police Tuesday afternoon at an apartment complex in Charlotte. The man was disabled, according to his family. Scott was waiting for his son to come home from school when police arrived at the apartment complex and shot him. The killer cop named Brentley Vinson from Metro Division has been placed on paid Administrative Leave. Raise up with us to demand justice for Keith Lamont Scott and his family on Saturday, September 24 at 12 pm! Justice For Keith Lamont Scott
On October 26,2016, a black man was slammed and beaten by police officers at the train station. According to a witness, the man who was arrested had originally been driving across the light rail tracks, when officers on foot attempted to stop his car, at which point, he drove off. He added that the man "wasn't resisting at all until they tased him" After tasing the man police officers used their elbows and fists, as the man lay on the ground, screaming for help. The man was heard screaming in pain: "My fucking back is killing me! Oh god! My back!" In a statement, released on November 2, Minneapolis Police Department confirmed the arrest, but said that a fuller video would show that the officers' conduct was justified.
